

===== PAGE 1 =====

६9

ie 5 K भारतीय वन्यजीव संस्थान

डे सूचना का Wildlife Institute of India
=| अधिकार
om | RIGHT TO
INFORMATION
ONLINE/SPEED POST
No. WII/RTI/CPIO/209-20(Qtr-ID/7 Dated 5.07.209

To,
Shri Debadityo Sinha,
Vaishali Sector-9,
Ghaziabad — 20 00

Sub.: Information sought under Right to Information Act, 2005- reg.

Ref.: Your Online RTI Request Reg No. Nil WLIOI/R/209/5005 dated
24.06.209.

a Please refer to your RTI Request on the above cited subject and reference. In
this context, you were requested to deposit an additional fee of Rs. 40/- [20 Pages @
2/page] u/s 7(3) of RTI Act, 2005 on 05.07.209 towards the cost of providing the
information in hardcopy/photocopy as the desired information are contained in 20 pages.

Since the additional fee is received from your end, the desired information sought

by you is attached herewith.

Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,

WGN AM
(Dr. Anju B aroth)

NO & CPIO (RTI)

Encl: as above.

पत्रपेटी Go 8, चन्द्रबनी, देहरादून — 248 00i, उत्तराखण्ड, भारत

Post Box No. 8, Chandrabani, Dehradun - 248 004, Uttarakhand, INDIA
ई.पी.ए.बी.एक्स : +97-435-2640444 से 2640445 फैक्स : 0435-26407
EPABX : +94-43$-2640444 to 2640445 Fax : 0435-2640447

ई-मेल/हनाओ : wi@wii.gov.in aa/Website : www.wii.gov.in

===== PAGE 2 =====

प्र

in

Reply to the inquisitor regarding the project “Population status, Habitat and Its Use by Blackbuck
(Antilope cervicapra) in and around Kaimur Wildlife Sanctuary, with reference to proposed Coal
based Thermal Power Plant of 320 MW, Mirzapur, Uttar Pradesh”

. Greenfield Coal based Thermal Power
Plant (TPP) of 320 (2x660 MW)
Welspun Energy UP Private Limited
(WEUPPL)

2. M/s. Welspun Energy UP Private

Limited

3. Dadri khurd village, Mirzapur sadar

Tehsil, Mirzapur District, Uttar Pradesh

4. Terms of Reference (Annexure |)

Name of the thermal power plant, owner of
the company and its location

Copy of the Terms of Reference based on
which the research project is carried out and
any formal Memorandum of Understanding
or Agreement signed by Wil before
undertaking the project
Information on details of the scientist and
other individuals who worked on behalf of
WIl and any other organization or company
during the research project

Team Leader
Dr. V.B. Mathur, Director
Investigators

Dr. Bilal Habib, Scientist ‘E’

Mr. Salvador Lyngdoh, Scientist ‘D’
Dr. S.P. Goyal, Emeritus Scientist
Researchers

Khursid Alam Khan (Project Ecologist)
Rahul De (Project Biologist)
Himanshu Kumar (Project Ecologist)
Kumar Ankit (Project Ecologist)

nrc”

AL
wee aN het «

The project has been completed and final
report has been submitted to the funding
agency and other stakeholders on
34/05/49. (Annexure II)

The project was initially for 6 Months
started from June to November.
(Annexure III)

Later on, It has been extended till 3
March 2029. (Annexure IV) _

'. “fhe copy of final report ‘(4 >t,
hence cb '8 being Sent ०
Our email
(Annexure V)
(Annexure VI)

Information on the present status of the
project and information on different

timelines followed in the project with all
reports or updates produced till date

l

Copy of all correspondence with the centre
and state government departments related
to the research project and all reports and

other documents exchanged.

===== PAGE 3 =====

Copy of correspondence with the
representative of the company owning the
thermal power plant and all information ,

reports, document etc exchanged between
WIl and the thermal power plant owner

(Annexure VII)
(Annexure VIII)

० आम

po.

===== PAGE 4 =====

Z2 Jo. ३50९3

\

CH) .

BLOZ'€0 vz 9०3९० ०७०५३०/

2 eee VGH AS ANIWAVE WIS 30 SSVIISY ४०३ SLVIISILUSO :॥ 5 SUNXSNNY

Oz etmeneseneanennesnernn tan

oz santeerecerecerserpestetensacesnscuaeaentnersenestsooservenersursanat +++%+ ०७५४ ०००१०००००५०५५००००० ५००१० NOTED UYODILNY ONY AUSBING-LLNY

Jp ‘sttvertoroceenennsnamensnnr 5 .५.५५००७५०००७०००३००००००७५३ ००००५ ५५५०३ ३०७ >»००»०००७५०५३४५०३९३०७००४०++००++०३००४०५%०;2०«०%2५५५०११०५००३०००५०००००-००००००००००००००० ७5 LOIN TTS SIG

GL मामा 0....०००० ९००७ ३०००००००००००३०००२०००३५९०७०«»०+८०+-५+ ९+०३६००७०००५३४०६७०३५६००१००१००५००००००००००५०००-०००००००३३७॥३. ०४४

an serenenamennsssessensanesanrrcanarnrenrcernsvereqnereereerereet ONL SY LNOOBNS
8॥ cicenetaneneneeeemarneammnnsem न मिमी स्‍३५३५३४+०+ककक कक लननकल००» «५ ०५९%००%%५०++०००००००००००००* BAU NE SONHD
,७७०+२७ ४३०५० ०३०९ ०५३०» >»क >न्‍लल>क+ »% ००००५ ९ %-०९३०++०९००» snsecnensesastnreseneneccnranracooranvenonerees J IIL INIGIINOD
sssnpueseansahnnsnseraneceensanssaveneaeetstenteserettO@iet"® जु8 ४00]

sasonces &००७०७ ४ ९०९०७ +४ + +»>++++७# ++०७+>+&%20%% 43534 oth

BL “न हलनललललरिनन्लनकप कस कक नन्‍ ens
शा ४४४७७७७४ ,+३३७३०७ १९३९ +०० ४०० *०»० ४००३ ५७ ४५०४ * +»+ ०९७० ००० २० ५३००
४७७७७ ,५५५०५००५७००४३०३००५०७०५००३५३३३००००५००००००३०+००५३+9«»+»«+०«५«»2००«०8-*९५९०५५३००३४८००»०»»«»५«%९०००३५०३९५११७७०१००१००००००००० | 50७3७ 55300039
sue ssteaneseererevenenenseses 0००००३७००३०००००००५५० ०३५ ०३३५ ८००४०००+»००७००७००००००००००००७०३००३०३७ ००५३०७३००००००७०००३०६३०३३९०००००००३०००४४००३००० sneer SW YHDOUS

stesehecssurenessnanseannemnsssnerseneonananeasinteneoene ०००+०० 8 SEH SANT

8
3
ae"

Bay ३६७७७ ,&०+७+++>>+ ०१4४ 8०५७ ३७ ४० ३९०४ ३७७» *+०++++७७+४++

७७७७७ ७५२०३०००००० +००३५ ६४ ४३०००७०३३०७० ०५०७० ३००९%००० ४०५३०००+००००-००६० ९/९०५३++०+०क०»००००%०००९+०१०००१००००६००००००००० १७ | ४००

न लननिनननन नम नमन ककक ५० ९ + ०९५ +%५५३५५००५००५००४१९०००+००००० ०-5. १३0४७ 0

6 eet mnmannnnnegmemannmnnnnme cnt
ag “नितिन रिनिनानििनीनीनियानविनननीनी न नल नगद टगगगगण SALAAM ONY SNOL LWIN3S30d34
gym ०५००००००००००००१३४००० ३० ५७ ००७ saves sertompengnancanannesreanneresne tensesunsenenarancesssesurrersesaregs ७७०००००००१०००००००७००००००१००००० NOVI VY LIBUY
है ६ creme veenennmeee ..७२५३००५०००७००३०४४०३९३+०००१३००००६३४० ४७३ ३४० ३९५ ३९३०५०००० ५६ +-+००५++००८०५०५५५१९००५०००००००००००५००००००+००० ७ ३ NSIC 30 LNIWITLLES
परम ममनिलि न दि नि न न न 2 222000एए७एएएएआ ७७
हा 0०५३००७००००० ४७५३७ ०७०७३० ७९३७ ५३३+३३७००५० ७» ३०००९९०३३५+५०७०५० ५० ००७०-०५ ०५३० ५०१ ७५५९०५००७००००००५५००५३३१५०३९५०७००००००५५०००००००००००००+-०००३३० VINA
के. "नील नल निनिनिनीनििन न लिन नितिन लिन लगभग नल +।+०० ०" ३ AHA LBID NOWITEWOD
< at starsanmershsencesbanses stiseosacsncensanrearspseredateeniogbsennsseanerssarencoessesetonoerssscassnetecseasnengrapnapecnanerierebervesncesseeeere NOUYVNIWHAL
Zp reece nt nenneymnnrnnannnnerestntenteiceet 3७७७ AO) CUVONVAS

पी भा एएएए ललनननन-4+१००५०+००० NOISNADSNS

conretenmeeonensteaotnniewannamamemnshananerarnramreseannaninaeenmnnenserannsre aerate BUA UW 30993
Leesitoninnmninsnmamnneninannenannimnmanmmnnanrnsinemnnnnesntits NOU MGSTUAL @ MY ONINYIAOS
sainyneemeunsunarseenteermennermieutnesienrn aril Y WH ANSWAINDS S.YINMO ४0५ ALIGYT SLNVLINSNOD

ue
seyrarpeesnosernstesneneoasogeaseennepsstenerseet# nirperenecemermennss sacar ssvssesstunesannamansseneatenenemorrysssosasnennrenceenicesscsreaterses® | NOWINOIS SY

on
essceenesentansenonsvesosesunenccnnmereesssnenosonemnennsnesese ५). 0

DL "हक कनलकललानह «०. ,५७०५००००३९३३०७४७५++++»+७+१७++++७+++ ५५३ »»५+७>+७ »+ + »++ + +++» ७ ४५ »++8%
aeopevssevsabeon tonsverstenpamere 34 ००५ ०३५३४ ५४८००+५ ०५००० ४५० +५+००५३५०७५०५५५३४५३९०++ +०९०००१५१३०५३। ०५६ ६५९५००१५१००००५५०००३०००० BIE

leecenen >>+>०९०३३%20 8७००९

ow
हनन नीनिनननल नीलाम न snrsecearsaneerssasssenhhabessteeveremeentaneahssteneransmnecserntseneteceesensteestrrenrsenrneERIO ४०४78 0 AMOLILYLS

नम भम0022202000७॥७७७॥७॥७॥७॥७॥७७॥७॥७७७एेएएशएश/श//श/आा, ते आशा 5.83aNMO
न 202277000७0७0॥७७७॥७॥७॥७७॥॥७॥/॥एशशएशशशश//आ SMO ALUAA OU WALIITISLNI
oral I NAWAYd JO JOOW 7 SWHIL
नम 2 20020200000000॥७७॥७७॥७॥७॥७॥७॥७॥७४७एशशएशश/श७0, १, ०७५ dO NOLWLUIWIT
"*०->>5३8७४४४७० OSLYGINOM
2 rrvntennnrsanentnennnnnnnasnrenennrnenetanemnemearonoomsenernsateotert NOE LI TAWOD ४०03 3५४. ONY GOldad LOVULNOD
_z_*tetetnensrerreenesnormnremnntaremnnemnenamesneasicamamnesenenentenennenenennnnren SONA 590 @ SISNIIKS WIIGIW

मा 7220७ए॥ 'सबनकनर बल जनिनन पिन ननननन न नकद नमन 3 «५ «+«०«» «०१०० ४५+०५५० ०५ ५५०+०००००००5॥] । (0. ONY SAXWL

छ+/७ालन लेबल नलननन० १००. sonrososnaursdprventzcnredsonetecettsnen nn ove pporen erin

आम १४४20 ,००५०७०४५७+७३०५3+ ९० +++०%++७७+३++++ ७४५ 8 ७0%

aqsvstvnemnenenernernsmnteeesmarmmrennnutteeanamagennsansevrememanaremnerepnnrnrcnaarinnnamaremesatnenaememenseenant SH UTM AIS
9 3293 LOVYLNOD
हू हनन nenerecmernenenaecensnuanense neremumnanenamerersersrsrennvenommere HOLY SISNINTISY SO 500४34. / SIDIAUAS JO 33095
G roereitretnrnnenenentamunacnonsenennuneronserecomneneratnnsnsnns suvnranseremarerisesrareemenenercerreneeets ESVYLNOD JHL 40 JONVIdIII
“5 INSWNIOD LOVHLNOD JO NONLVISUDYSLNI

Z 32१2 250002220000000॥0॥॥७७७७७७ए॥ sestenbeouynessurnannnnoyermnesenerwernenetees ENOL LINIY IO

SLN3SLNOD 30 FIBVL

२००३३०७५५ scvenee sonecsse eoverosenvonpenpessembonsnancera riseerantesssenemeeneserssenenstensresetsneamnenonenntatenee ses h@nel

के *२4०3+०-०9००००००५५३५७५३५०७०००३७9० ०७ +००)३०००)००३५०३७०००७+ ,+०५००९००००९०००० ००५++० sot

ni nnn

oe Mende

soosnvosereeespsconrinrmoneeroctvcnensbescnnnssepeviaraseonnscsorevenresssonsniene ५ ] UPAL SINT WIV ID ON: । * 3UAX3NNV

029
ole
00%
095६
ose
०८६
09६
ose
ove
0०६६
ore
ote
00६
o'sz
०छट
ou
0०92
052०
जद
ose
pz
ow
904
085:
0'9+
out
o'ob
ost
0४
or
oz
ol
oot
06
oe
ot
09
o's
07
oe
oz
on

%

QO %
०2%
\ 2
=

¥ a

(SSDIAUSS.AONVLINSNOD ४०३)

(099) LOWY.LNOD 40 SNOLLIGNOO WY3N39

===== PAGE 5 =====

8

4.0  Oefinitions

47 The terms defined in this Clause ,0, when used be eln of any other document related to the *

Contract, shall nave the: meanings specified in this jause.

= Hees | Shall mean, In respect to any Person, any other Person directly or |
| Indirectly Controlling, Controlled by of under direct, Indirect or common |
Control with, such Person, ;
Shail mean, with respect to any domestic or foreign national, Federal,
regional, state, provincial, town, city, municipal or other Jufisdiction, any
constitutional provision, law, statute, rule, regulation, ordinance, treaty,
order, notification, decree, judgment, decision, certificate, Injunction, or
conditions of any registration, license, permit, authorization, guideline,
| governmental approval, consent of requirement of any governmental
authority of such jurisdiction, 9s construed from time to time by any

governmental authority of such jurisdiction,

Approved / Approval Shall mean as approved by or approval of the Owner In writing.

Codes and Standards Shall mean the latest applicable international and Indian Codes and
Standards. : :

Applicable Law

Shall mean totality of the agreement between the Owner and Consulcant +
as derived from the Contract Documents. eit

Shall include the Service Order, GCC, SCC, Drawings, Specifications/TO!
and any other document as may be designated by the Owner as a Contract
Document. :

Shall mean the sum specified In the Contract which Is payable co the
Consultant against the performance of Its obligations as per the Contract
Dacuments, subject to such additions and adjustments thereto of
deouctions or set-off there from, as may be made pursyant (० the
Contract document(s).

Shall mean the possession, diséctly or indirectly, of the power to direct or
cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement with respect to
the voting of securities, by other agreement conferring control over
management or policy decisions, by virtue of the power to control the
composition of the bosrd of directors of managers, 0 otherwise. The
terms “Controlling” and *Controlled” shall have correlative meanings.

Shall mean the Person/Company who is awarded the Contract by the
Owner pursuant to which the Contract Documents have been entered into
by such Person/Company and the Owner.

Shall mean a day other than a Sunday on which banks in Ahmedabad,
tndia are open for business.

Shall mean that the Services have 0९९0 performed to the satisfaction of
the Owner in accordance with the terms of the Contract Documents.
Shall mean the certificate issued by the Owner to the Consultant upon the
Completion of Services.

Contract Document(s)

Contract Price

Compiecion

Completion Certificate

nae

Enquiry/Tender

Good Industry Practice

Intellectual Property
Rights

Persons

Version deted 24.03.208

+3, Drawings furnished by the Owner / third party appointed by the Owner

€

Shall mean all maps, plans, tracings and prints and any detailed or working

drawings feferred to In the Contract Documents (including any

modification of such drawings Approved by the Owner) and shall Include:

4. Drawings furnished by the Owner / third party appointed by the Owner
that relate to the provision of Services,

2. Supplementaty drawings furhished by the Owner # third party
appointed by the Owner to clarify and to define In greater detail the
intent of the Contract and the Scope of Services.

to the Consultant during the progress of.the Services; and
4, Engineering data and drawings submitted by the Consultant provided
such drawings are approved by the Owner.

Shall mean the date from which the Contract comes Into full force and
effect, which is more particularly set out In the Contract.

Snali mean any encumbrance such as mortgage, charge. pledge. tien,
hypothecation, security interest, assignment, privilege or priority of any
kind having che effect of security of other such obligations and shall
include without limitation any designation of loss payees of beneficiaries
or any similar arrangement under any Insurance policy. physical
encumbrances and encroachments,
Shall mean and include the Request for Quotation (RFQ) accompanied by
the GCC including all Annexures. Schedules, Drawings and
Specifications/Teems of Reference (TOR).

Shall mean these General Conditions of Contract.
Shall mean the exercise of that degree of skill, dillgence and prudence
which Is expected from a skilled, experienced and Internationally
recognized and reputable Consultant engaged in the same type of
undertaking under similar circumstances and acting generally in
accordance with the prevailing laws, rules, regulations, codes and Industry

standards.
Shall mean any firm of person 385 may be duly appointed and authorised In
writing by the Owner from time to time to Inspect the Services.

Shall mean all patent. trademark, service mark. logos, copyright. design
tight, trade secret. mark, tights of authorship, Inventions, moral rights,
rights of Inventor ship, alt applications, registrations and renewals in
connection with any of the above, database fights, knowhow, rights of
publicity, privacy and/or defamation, tights under so competition and
unfalr trade practice laws, and all other Intellectual property fights In

relation to the Services.
Shall include all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, amounts paid in

settiement or otherwise and any cost of expense. inctuding reasonable
attorney's fees (including cost and expense relmbursable to
attorneys’, whether of not 3 lawsuit of other proceeding Is filed, and any
levies, penalties, or any payments imposed by any government authority,

for any reason whatsoever,

तल Shalt mean calendar month of the Gregorian calendar.
[owner Shall meen the Company as specified in the SCC/Contract.
Party or Parties

Shall mean the Owner of Consultant es applicable Individually and / or

collectively.
‘Shall include Individuals, firms, partnerships, compani
trusts, governmental. entities, Joint ventures and otfrd '५४४7४॥ ५
Incorporated or not. ‘

‘orporations,

===== PAGE 6 =====

Owner's representative Shall mean
a all notices, peetbaistn appointed and authorised by the Owner for giving .
communications Gad aw Cie ue approvals and all other 22 or the purpose of Interpretation, the priority of the documents shall be in the following
- trac हे s
| the Owner. t ee and acting on behalf of tee oe

Consultant's Shall mean ee ad a) The Contract including all Schedule/s and Annexure/s.

representative ae nig a et sg authorised by the Consultant in tor | ८
communications under fe abe aad 8600: no ; ™ pe i : मद से cone wien a gage ea wh aotenant shat
the Consuttant. cuments and acting on behalf of eek ० ntract. In case of any ambiguity the tater document shall

c) Special Conditions of Contract including all Annexure/s.

9) Technicat Specifications/ Scape of Services/ Terms of Reference including all Annexure/s,
Schedule/s & Drawing/s etc.

e) General Candicians of Contract Including all Annexure/s

Project/ Ptant Project shail ti
mean the Works/Facilities be
as specified In the SCC/Contract. 22020 4 ca har
OR
Plant shalt mean the Works/Facilities 0
2 emg operated &
Owner at location as specified in the sccyCentract. 33702 ib

4
Project/ Plant Site i
yi ot ie ecraped the land at focation as specified in the ,.. 2.5... Incase of any ambiguity of discrepancy, the Person nomina
which the Project is being developed by the Owner and हि pach rosie i ne plese jade Pa the Consuttant.

shail include such other land parcels as may be specified in the Contract
ion of the Contract Document(s) Into sections, évery part of

— as forming part of the Project Site. 2 Notwitnstending the sub-divisi
H each shail be deemed to be supplementary to and complementary of each other.

es to the items of the General Conditions of Contract, the Special

ted by the Owner shail Issue the

९
4 Aeosad कु सन लूक on Pr i ७० / आफ intranet Ma 2.5. Allheadings and marginal not
‘ower Plant has been 6: :
Owner and snail include such other land parcels as may oe wecties = Conditions of Contract or ६० the Technical Specifications or to any other document forming
ne Contract Documents as forming part of the Plant Site. हे part of the Contract are solely for the purpase of giving a concise indication of the general
SCG ee he Shall mean che Special Canditions of subject matter thereof and nat a summary of the contents thereof and they shall never be
hecial Conaitions of Contract, deemed ¢o be part thereof ar be used In che Interpretation or construction thereof.

hat the Consultant shall perform cercain wotk or

Shalt mean afi = standard: i
s, technical juidelines, i
Gocuments/specifications, provisions and इज 05 Scans ch = 2.6 Wherever It fs mentioned in the Contract (
referced in and forming part of the Contract Documents, which percain ee Zz provide certain factlicles, it is understood chat che Consuttant shall do at its own cost and the
the Quality parameters, mechod, manner and time lines for perfarming the a! Contract price shall be deemed to have Included the cost of such performances and provisions
Services, 88 may be amended/modified/ reinstated from time to time. oO so mentioned.
Subcontractor Shall mean any Person (other than Owner) providing Services or any pare iv) 27 Words incorporating the singular only shall also inctude the plural and vice-versa where the
org (लाश का In connection with Contract ta whom whale or 2. context requires.
॥( of the Services has been sublet पड हे
wadtlel Cavs dh ie Ghats and ph ee ककया with che prior ¢c > 2.6 The materials, designs and workmanship shalt satisfy the applicable Specifications, Codes and
permitted assigns. successors ai Zz ae} Standards contained herein end referred to. Where the Contract stiputates requirements in
Scope of Services/ Terms | Shall mean the 5९ | ro) - gost addition to those contained in the Codes and Standards, those additional requirements shall
dS. ope of Services/ Terms of Referen 4
ae (TOR) set aut as Annexure to the Enquiry/ Tender. गाज गिल an S ee
Shall mean the services 09 be provided by the Consukant 95 specified - : 30०० | 27८ म पल शत (लत: -
for C seta hot A =z ise 34 The Contract constitutes tne entite agreement between the Parties with respect (५
cane ‘or Completion Shall mean the time spectfied in the SCC/Contract, within which =“ 7 performance of Services by the Consuttant in consideration of payment of Contract Price by
3 Completion of the Services as a hole of of 8 part tnereof, where a gon QO che Owner, as evidenced by the execution of Contract by the Partles.
separate time for Completion of हक =f :
eS हब bo 78 अमित tn — ae picerstooe 2 ue e4 ३.2. The Contract shail be in full Force and effect for the period set out In the Contract.
Contract Doc : as
—_ 2 4.0 Scape of Services / Terms of References (ror)
pecifieds enclosed as Annexure in the

Writing Shall include any manuscript typed of hand-written or printed statement
including email and facsimile transmission under or overt signature or seal

385 the case may be.

t =
oa 4.. Detailed Scope of Services / TOR shall be as 5

scc/Contract.
ditions of the Contract

4.2 Consultant shall fully comply with and adhere (० the terms and ८०
Documents and provide the Services in accordance with che Scope of Services. The Consultant

2.0 = Interpretation of Cantract Documents ~ hereby agrees that ic shalt not deviate fram the Scope of Services without prior written
approval of the Owner.

4,3 The Consultant agrees that the Scop

Services specified In the Contract Documents may
nded to provide general overall guidance to
५23] orm all of. the Services. required under che
eehssary of required In order for the Consultant
ig 4 under.the Contract and for completing the
& tan

2.7 Subject to che order of precedence as set out In Sub-Clause 2.2 below, all documents forming

part of the Contract are Intended to be correlati
ive, complementary 3
The Contract snail Br) cae panstrued as 3 whole Ggocument, ores ais

Contract. Any activity, work or
to fully perform its obligatiggs

Version dated 24.03.2078 Page Sof 22

===== PAGE 7 =====

है

7.6.3 However, In case of any Hiabiticy to pay Income-rax in India in future on account of a business

intended Scope of Services, such activities/work/services shall be deemed to form part of the
connection of permanent establishment of the Consultant in India, would to Consultant's

Scope of Services, whether or not specifically described under the Contract Decuments or
toreseeable by the Parties on the Effective Date. हर account.

5.0 Contract Price 8.0 Madical Expenses 8 Insurance
5.. The Contract Price shall be as specified in the Contract, 8.i All medical expenses B insurance of personnel deployed by Consultant at Project / Plant Site or
fied anywhere In the world for execution of Services under the Scope of the Contract shall be
5.2 The Consultant shall be deemed to have satisfied itself asto the correctness and sufficiency of borne by Consultant. Consultant shall also insure the vehicles / equipment’s and any otner
be Nable co

assets engaged by It for providing Services under the Contract. Owner shall not

the Contract Price, which shail cover all its obligations under the Contract.
compensate for any injury of damage {including death) suffered by the Consultants’ personnel

5.3 Expenses against travelling, lodging. boarding and local conveyance necessary for the is cup
execution of Services shall be pre-approved by the Owner. Such expenses shall be reimbursed A or vehicles/equipment’s deployed at Project/Plant.
by the Owner at actual against the receipt of adequate documentary evidence Fram the te . 5.0 Contract Perlod and Time for Completion
Consultant. E ae
हे 94 The time and date of Completion shall be deemed to be the essence of the Contract and the
5.4 Contract Price shall be the full and final price payable by Owner to Consultant for performance i Services shall have to be completed not later than the Completion date (5) specified in the

Ph iain! 2 मन की जल लक as $CC/Contract, Should the Consultant fall to complete the Services of any part thereof within
the specified period, the Owner shall be entitied ac its option;

6.0 Securities
damages as stated in Clause 0.0 below.

‘ I 0
6.].. ॥86 Consultant shall: pfovide che Securities in favour of the Owner at the times, and in the (2) To recover from the Consultant, liquidate

amount, manrier and Form as specified in the SCC/Contract. of Services on Consultant's risk and

(vb) To employ any other consultant to perform the Scope
cost, after giving due notice to the Consultant.

rt thereof If so desired and to execute the Services or have it

6.2. Compliance for submission of Securities in case of Forelgn Consultant:
(c) To cancel the Contract or pa
icant, at the risk and cost of the Consultant.

If the Consultant Is based outside of India, the Securities required in the form of Bank eecuted by any other CONS

Guarantees shall be only from the Banks which are having minimum rating of A of equivalent as,
pe mi id nein The Owner may recover the amounts due from the Consultant pursuant to the terms of Su
: ” Clause 9.7 boned from any amounts due or withheld and/ or from the Securities as maybe

7.0 Taxes and Outles available and or in any other manner as may be deemed appropriate by the Owner.

7) Applicabte taxes, duties, levies shall be as specified in tne 5CC/Contract. 30.0 Liquidatea Damages
7.2 Any new tax of vasiation in applicable taxes after the award of the Contract up to the - Liquidated Damages for Delay:
scheduled Completion of the entire Services shall be to the account of the Owner. Consultant | ॥0. न
shall inform the applicability of such taxes @ duties ta Owner and take prior approval betore . # the Consultant falls to comply with Clause 9.0 above, the Owner shall be entitled to recover
raising such invoice, from the Consultant lquidated damages as specified In the SCC/Contract for delay till the date
7. | Completion Certificate by Owner.
3 If there is a delay in Completion on account of the Consultant and if there Is any statutory of issuance of the pletion
increase in duties / taxes / levies or implication of any new taxes/ duties during the period of 0.2 Liquidaced Damages for Performance:

Services In accordance with the cerms of the Contract
ers, the Drawings, Specifications and standards set out
idated damages for such shortfall in performance as

delay. in such case the difference in tax/ duty amount shal be in account of the Consultant.
if the Consultant falls co perform the

7.4... The Consvitant shall pass-on the benefit obtained towards the taxes and duties to the Owner Documents, which Include among oth

and shall provide any ‘tax exemption certificate/documents for claiming exemption by the therein, the Consultant shall pay tiqu
Consultant, if any. specified In the scc/Contract.

limit of liquidated damages on account af delay in completion

7.5. As regards indian Income tax, surcharge of income tax, withholding tax or any other corporate 40.3 The combined maximum ceiling
tax, the Owner shall ‘not bear any tax liability whatsoever Irrespective of the mode of and on account of shortfall In performance shall be as specified In the SCC/Contract.
contracting, The Consultant shall be Hable and responsible for payment of all such taxes, if
attracted under the provisions of law. The Owner shall however, deduct applicable tax at 30.4 The liquidated damages payable by the Consultant under ge hoo cae posta td
source as per law fromall payments to be made to the Consultant under the Contract and the deducted by the Owner trom outstanding payments due 7 कक पा he 2 कबिकार a
Owner will issue the TDS (Tax Deducted at Source) certificates for the same to che Consultant. Consultane. If and to the extent that such monies are insullics ni tctasala th
, forthwith pay the deficient amount to the Owner. Without prejudice to the aforesa' fight, the

i he Securities as maybe
Owner shail be entitled to recover the liquidated damages by Invoking ६
available, whether In part of full, and upon such invocation the Consultant agrees to restore
the same to Its original agreed amount within 3 period of 75 Business Days from such

7.6.2 Withholding Tax {under Income-tax Act read with DTAA between India and Consultant's $ i invocation.
Country), which is based on representation of the Consutant that it does not have a business = The Parties agree ( pak ha Jiquidated damages for performance and delay are a genuine pre-
connection or a permanent establishment In India, shall be on Owner's account. All ocher taxes. canbe fal IN be suffered by the Owner for such shortfall in performance
within India Gs) OTT es e oF'S>rvices, 33 the case may be, and that the amount of liquidated

7.6 Taxes 8 Duties in case of Foreign Consultant shall be as below:

7.6.4 All taxes outside India would be to Consultant's account.

Page 7 of 22

page Gof 22 -

===== PAGE 8 =====

damages as set o scc fi
9 ut inthe have been estimated in goad Faith as far compensation and are
73,0 intellectuat Property Rights

nat in the nature of a penalty.
ts Intellectual Property Rights, whenever created, In all

70.6 The tmposition and pa:

obilg i 3 ot एप shall neither elieve the Consultant from its 73.4 Tne Cansultanc hereby agrees that all i |

Contract Docum: e¢ may have under the f “3
penis os yea ce iba law, including the right to get the Services compleced Consultant agrees to do all such acts, deeds and things and execute all documents and deeds
minutes of the eectings. obi pi ote pe oon cast. Any correspondence or as may be required to absolutely vest such Intellectual Property Rights in the Owner. The
construed as waiver of liquidated damages or any Ged clisely wesc 4 rene pas promt copie of afl domsmerts भार See unesetaned 0 one

vaifable to the Owner, wer. Far the 8, [8 ७ |,

modity such copyright them for the Services and the purpose for which they are intended and

34,0  Umitetion of Liability
need nat obtain the Consultant's permission for such use,
73.2 Consultant hereby represents and warrants chat itis the registered owner or a valid licensee of

I,_ None of the Parties shail be liable ¢
losses of damages which are rordechod ester निकट नमक crn ie siarergncruesind alt intellectual Property Rights required for the performance of Services in accordance with
ute, provided that this
आर ban obligation of the Consultant to pay wiudaeed damages to the nn the terms of the Contract, and the perfarmance of Services by the Consultant do not and shall
with Clause 70.0, not infringe any Inteltectyal Property Right tegistered by any third party (other than the ones
licensed co it by a third party) and to the extent Intellectual Property Rights of any Person are

N.2 i visi
eae pel pan sabre pdr 4.3 below, the aggregate fiability of che Consultant to used of incorporated or proposed ta be used In performance of its Stinson’ under the
shall not exceed the Contract Price (inctuding taxes 8 Outi Contract Documents, Consultant has obtained the necessary license, autharization of consent
ee hon cuch Person for use of such Intellectual Property Rights as necessary Co perform It's
obligations under Contract.

74.3. The limitation of tabitity under Sub-Clause 92.2 above shall not apply co (a) any obligation of
emnify and hotd the Owner harmless against all

the Consut
wee fae "tele oF ae न eRe 0 ENA Riemann जे 02६३६ ६५ 33.5... The Consultant hereby agrees to defend, ind
license/permit/approval/ciearance; (४) pentane’ po rind conditions of a statutory claims, losses, damages, actions, proceedings, costs and expenses which artse from of are any
Right by che Consultant. any third parcy incefiectual Property way related to any infringement claim of any third party that che performance of use of the
Terms & Mode of Payment . Services infringes ar misappropriaces such third party's Intellectual Property Rights.
Payment ९ ifi = 43.4_ In the event Owner notifies Consultant of any such claim of proceeding Initiated by 2 third
aym ‘erms shall be as specifiea in the SCC/Contract, Z party, Consultant shall assume control of such claim of proceeding through its own counsel,
The Payment shall fi : Tt : Consultant shall net compromise or settle any such claim of proceeding or admit any liability or
scala ot a तर aNd ener sos tages oe gon by the Owner's Representative after oO . wrongdoing by Owner without the express prlor written consent of Owner.
aay om Consultant, subj j
— ney a eee eae ~ 33.5... # performance of any Service Is hetd to constitute an infringement or misapprapriation wales
¥ i ification
a) Amounts d & Person's Intellectual Property Rights, Consultant shail In addition ca its indemn
9 The een ane poses w Seger शतक ५ Cc obligations under this Clause 3,0, at Its sale cost and expense ७५६ best efforts (०: (a) procure
Owner's anteshatotos a advance payments) made, if any. Holds suggested by B the right for Consultant ta continue the performance of Service or any part thereof without
6) Statutory deducti taste ea vo | any interruption or payment of any amount by Owner; (०) modify or amend the Service of any
0) Other ded ons (e.g. Income Tax / TDS, ete), if any. ie) oO part thereof such that it ceases to infringe upon Intellectual Property Righcs of such Person,
पाक 907/0ए2॥ भत- ras = provided that such amended/madified Service is consiscent with the Scope of Service and
The Consultant shall mencian the refere: वर्ण aii meets the Specifications.
nce of Concrat
HSN/ SAC and Income Tax Pan No). incract im each invoice (९. 50 No., GST No.. me ay 44,0 Owner's Property
Tee Soneekems Sm Siew tek = B i i i € the Cansultant shall be property of
accordance with Contract. Invoices against Scope of Services are drawn up exactly in eo जे ॥4] गा बम आम शक पर tame seal be nt marked. When the आए आई
i bere ated, fhe Owner of what has
deri i eae | completed or termin the Consulcant shall furnish inventories to ©
tee pay is conditional upon the fulfilment of Consultant's abligacions to provide ail i oa been cansumed in the performance of the Services and shall deliver ic in the manner “as
Claims’ piles कम कर steliaeg ay ted te Costas S00 Siig i covey a Pe en directed by the Owner.
ease of Final Payment’ as set out In Anne:
जि आह 7 Invoice(s) shall not be processed for payment sig phe [| 45.0 Statutory Obilgations
72.6 ifi : 35.. All statutory permissions/.approvals required for the Completion of Services shall be obtained
. pry apie i (ssued of payment released shall neither be considered as conclusive evid on by the Consultant. The Consultant shall be responsible and liable for the compliance with alt
sae कक कपल कक te trier of the Services covered urjder the Contract, either whalty a . laws applicable ta the performance of Ics obligations under the Contract.
: icate of pa :
2008 ९१ eS Sees ne 52 All persons deployed by the Consultant shall be on his pay roll, The Consultane shall be
pllances Including but not tlmixed (०

responsible and absolutely Hable for afl labour law com
compliances relating to payment of wages, provident fund contributions, bonus and other

statutory obligations. The persons oN sé-uthe Consultant shall at all times remain under
the control and supervision of the & ८

Services or as relieving the Consultant fram its responsibility and liabilities under tne Contract.

42.7... All the payments under the C
ontract shall be made by the Owner directly to th
e Con:
payments shaii be made in indian currency to the bank account of Pala tniad in pt Rh

_ Paged of 22

===== PAGE 9 =====

46,0
36.

6.2

6,3

45.4

१6.5

47.0
॥ 75

47.2

97,3

47.4

48.0
॥8.

Safety

The Consultant shall ensure that white performing the Services, its employees and
representatives shall adhere to the Owner's neatth, sbtety and security policies and standards
applicable to the Project/Plant and the Project/Plant Site, The Consultant agrees that it is
entirely responsible for the safety, heatth and security of its personnel operating within the
Project / Plant Site and in case of any accident, the entire medical and other expenses. if any

shall be borne by the Consultant.

The Consultant shall be responsible and lable tor any injury caused to Persons, animals oF
things and for ail damages co the property of the Owner of third parties which Is accributable to
carelessness, negligence, wilful misconduct, mishani | ing of breach of its abligations under the

Contract.

The Consultant shall provide cneir personnel with all satety gears like safety helmets, belts,
goggles, snoes, gloves etc. as necessary for performing the Service.

The Consultant shall comply with and cause its employees and representatives to comply with
all applicable healch and safety laws (such as the Factorles Act, 948) so far as they ore
applicable to of related of connected to the performance of Services under the Contract.

Consultant shall make Its employees aware of the nature of job, operating conditions, safety
requirement and suitability of his employees to carry out such jobs safely.

indemnity

Notwithstanding anything contained in the Contract to the contrary, Owner shall not be
responsible or fiable In any mannef whatsoever for any losses either under the Contract or
applicable law (Including under law of rorts) Incusred or suffered by Consultant that may arise
or result from, or occasioned by of in connection with the performance of Services by

Consultant.

Consultant hereby agrees (० defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Owner and its Affiliates,
other Contractors on the Project/Plant and/or Project/Plant Site, employees, representatives,
agents and their respective successors and assigns against all Losses arising out of, related to
or anyway connected with the (a) breach by Consultant of its obligations under the Contract
Documents: (b) any financial liabillty such as increase in rate of taxes and duties, levies,
insurance tariff, fines, penalties etc., arising consequent upon fallure of the Cofsultant to
adhere to the stipulated Completion schedule; (०) breach of confidentiality obligations by the
Consultant of its employees and representatives; (०) gross negligence 00 willful misconouct of
Consultant In performance of Services under the Contract; (९) violation of any apphcable law
of applicable permit by the Cansultant; (f) injury to of death of any Person of damage to or loss
of property of any Person attributable to any acts or omissions of the Consultant.

Consultants’ indemnity obligations shall apply cegardiess of whether che party to be
indemnified was concurrently negligent, whether actively or passively, excepting only where
the Injury, loss or damage was caused solely by the negligence or willful misconduct of, or by
defects in design furnisned by, the party to be indemnified. Consultants’ defense and
Indemnity obligations shall include the duty to reimburse any attorneys’ fees and expenses
Incurred by Owner for legal action to enforce Consultants’ insemnity obligations,

Owner shall be entitled to retain from payments otherwise due to Consultant, such amounts 35
shall feasonably be considered necessary to satisfy any claims, suits or liens for damages that
fall within Consultants’ indemnity obligations under this Clause 7.0, until such claims suits or
liens have been settled and satisfactory evidence to chat elfect has been furnished to Owner.

Assignment

The Owner shall be entitled to assign the whole or any part of the Contract or any benefit or
nor under the Contract without the consent of the Consultant. In particular, tne

ee हे! y consents to the grant and creation by the Owner of 9 security interest in
x this Contract and any and all of the Owner's rights, title ond interests in and

38.2

78.3

39.0
79.3

9.2

20.0
20.

2.0
ran)

222

under this Contract in favour of any lender or its security agent of trustee: and In furtherance

of and to give effect to such security Interesc and assignment, the Consultant agrees to enter re
Into such contracts, undertaking and consents and deliver such legal opinions as are

reasonably customary and as may be required by any of the lenders,

The Consultant shall not be entitled to assign any part of the Contract or any benefit or
interest in or under this Contract without the prior written consent of the Owner,

The Consultant agrees that i
ta a thitd party, all rights of
and enforceabdie against the

n spite of assignment of its rights under the Contract Documents
the Owner provided In the Contract Documents shall remain vaild
Consultant and the assignee, jointly and severally,

Consuitant’s Liaditity for Owner's Equipment/Materist

Where Owner for the purp
Issue equipment/material) ६४
property of Owner and shall
material shall pass to Consul
Completion of Services ॥ 8

safe delivery and storage and proper-use and

material at Its own cost and

good condition and shall use them so

equipment/ material arising

good at Consultant's expense,

if so requested by Owner),

statement of thelr usage, consump!

approved by Owner,
Owner hereby disclaims all

warranties under the Contract Document

ose of Contract issues equipment/ material free of charge (Le. Free

७ Cansultent, such equipment’ material shall be and remain the
be labelled as such by Consultant bur the risk in such equipment’
Itant upon receipt of such equipment/ material by Consultant until
ccordance with Contract. Consultant shall be responsible for the
maintenance of such Free Issue equipment!
expense. Consultant shall inaintaln all such equipmenc/ material in
lely in connection with Contract. Loss or damage to such
from bad workmanship or negligence of Consultant shail be mace
The. Consultant snail undertake quarterly (or at shorter intervals,
reconelliatian of the Free Issue equipment/material and submit a
tlon (in case of consumables) and maintenance in the form

guarantees and warranties, Including any implied guarantees and
ts of applicable flaw, in respect of any Free Issue

equipment/material furnished by Owner to Consultant.

Governing Law 9 Jurisdiction

The Contract shall be governed by the laws of India an

d is subject ९० the exclusive jurisdiction

of the courts at Ahmedabad,

Force Majeure

*Force Majeure” shat! mean any event (a)

which is unavoidable notw

not attributable to any breach or negligence of

beyond the reasonable control of the Parties; (०)

ithstanding the reasonable care of the Party affected; (c) which Is
any of the Pastles; and (d) which could not

have been reasonably fores¢en; and shail Include, without IImitation, the following:

(a) act of
waves and floods);

(ob) war, hostilicles (whether war b

God (such a5, but not limited to, tires, explosions, earthquakes, drought, tdal

€ declared or not). invasion, act of foreign enemies,

mobilization, requisition, or embargo:

(०) rebellion, revolution, insurrection, ar military of usurped pow
(०) contamination by radio-activity from any nuclear fuel, or from a

er, of civil war;
iny nuclear waste from

tne combustion of nuclear fuel, radio-active toxic explosive, or other hazardous
properties of any explosive nuclear assembly of nuclear component of such assembly;

(e) riot, commotion, strikes, lock outs oF disorder; or

५) acts or threats of terrorism.

ee ia: or delayed from of In performing any of its obligations
then है shall notify the other in writing of the

ce Majeure,

Page-I3 of 22

===== PAGE 10 =====

23

22.4

2u5

2.6

2,7

22.0
22

22.2

22.3

23.0

23.

occurrence of such event and the circumstances thereof within seven (07) Business Days of
the occurrence of such event.

The Party who has given such notice shalt be excused fro
performance of its obligations under the C
Majeure continues and co che extenc that

m the performance of punctual
ontract far sa tang as the relevant event of Force

such Patty's performance Is Prevented, hindered or
Gelayed. The Time for Completion shall be

extended for the period such Force Majeure exists
and in such case bath the Parties hereto stall mutually Giscuss and arrive at the further
course.

The Party affecced by the event of Force Majeure shail use ॥|
effect thereof upon Ics or their performance of the Contract
under the Contract, but without pr
under Sub-Clause 2.6,

easonable efforts ca mitigate the
tract and co fulfil its or their obligations
ejudice co elther Party's fight to terminate tne Contract

Delay of nan-performance by either Party hereto caused by the occurrence of any event of
Force Majeure shafl not constitute a default or breach of the Contract and shall not entitle a
Party co claim for damages or additional cost ar expense dccasianed thereby.

if the Performance of the Contract is Substantially prevented, hindered or delayed far a single
perlod of more than one hundred and twenty (20) Days of an aggregace period of more than
two hundred and forty (240) days on account of one or more events of Force Majeure during
the currency of the Contract, the Parties shalt accempt to develop a mutually satisfactory
solution, failing which either Parcy may terminate the Contract by giving a notice to the other.

(n the event of termination pursuant to Sub-Clause 27,6, Owner shall fay all amounts whicn
were due and payable co the Consultant prior to the occurrence of the event of Force Majeure,
after adjusting/deducting there fram any amounts due and payable by the Consultant to the
Owner under the Contract. The Parties agree that other than the payments set out herein no

ather termination payments, costs or expenses shall be payable by the Owner to the
Consuitant.

Suspension

The Owner's representative, by issuing a notice co che Consultant. may order the Consultant to
suspend performance of any or all of Ics obligations under che Contrace. Such notice shalt
specify the obligation of which performance Is to be ५5७5६ ended, the date of the suspension
and the reasons therefore. The Consultant shall thereupon suspend performance of such
obligatian (except those obligations necessary for the ९; ie Of preservation of the Services)
until ordered in writing co resume such performance by the Owner.

The Owner will issue orders for suspension or reinstatement of the Contract co the Consultant
in writing, The Time for Completion of the Services will be extendea suitably by the Owner
which in any case shalt not be more chan for a period equal ta duration of peti वा Any
necessary and demonstrable cast incurred by the Consultant as a resuit of such suspension of
the Services will Ge reimbursed by the Owner, provided such casts are substantiated Xo, the
Satisfaction of the Owner. The Owner shall not be responsible for any fass, damage, cost.

expense or ather liabilities if suspension or delay is due ६० some default an the part ofthe
Consultant ० Its Subcontractor. a

t.
Ouring the period of suspension. the Consultant shall not remove trom the aie
any plant or equipment employed by it for praviding the Services, without the prior wei!

consent of the Owner. &
Standard of Care &

Consultant shall exercise utmost degree of care, skill and Giligence In the performance df
services as is exercised by a professional firm for similar Services. a

Lt ee ८3.3० ५००००... धर
Pagei2of22 “7

AG

24.0
24.
244.l

24.2.2

Termination
Consuitant’s Defauk:

Without prejudice ta any other rights the Owner may nave under the Contract. equity of
applicable law, it may terminate this Contract, in whole of in part, by giving a notice of
termination to the Consultant upon the occurrence of any of the falfowing events (each, 8
“Consultant Event of Oefauit’);

(०) if Consultant and/or Sub Contractor becomes bankeupt of insolvent or has a tecelving

है order made against it of compound wich its creditors or being a corporation commences to
be wound up (nat being member's voluntary winding-up for the purpose of amalgamation
of reconstruction) or carries on its business under a receiver for che benefit of Its creditors
of any of them:

(०) Consultant Falls, refuses or negtects (० deliver Services with due diligence and expedition,
of ta comply with any reasonable order given to him in writing by Owner, or contravenes
any provisions of the Contract or Is In breach of any of kts representations, warranties,
conditions of obligations under the Contract Documents, which breach is not cured within
8 period of seven (7) Business Days from the date of giving of a writcen nptice of such
breach by che Owner to the Cansuicant:

(c) Consultant commits frauo of Is grossly negligent or wilfully misconducts in the
performance of Its obligations under the Contract Documents;

(0) Consultant disregards or violates any applicable law or conditions of applicable permits.
However, If such violation Is curable or compoundable, Consultant Event of Default will
accur If such violation Is not cured within either of the following periods, as may be
applicable: (i) within the maximum cure time allowed under the relevant applicable law or
applicable permit; (ll) within the cime allowed by the relevant governmental authority far
curing of such violation; of (lif) In che event (i) or (li) are nota peficabte, within a period of
{seven (7)] Business Days fram the date of giving of hotice of such violation by the Owner
to the Consultant; :

{e) Consultant abandons 0 suspends performance of Services of 9 material portion of the
Services for a consecutive period of seven (7] Business Days.

In the event the Owner elects to terminate the Concrace, In whole of In part, pursuant to a
Consuttant Event of Default, then withaut prejudice to any other rights the Owner may have
under the Contract, equity of applicable law, the Owner shall be entitied to (2) complete the
Services himself of with che assistance of third parties at the Consultant's sole risk and
expense: or (b) reduce the Scope of Services of the Con eye and get such part of Services
perfarmed by any other consultant at the sole risk and cost of the Consultant.

% kant shall
In the event of termination of the Contract pursyant to Sub-Clause 24.7, the (005७

(a) permit the entry of authorized representative of ol Inco the premises occupied by the
Consultant of his Subcontractor on the Project/ Plant Site for che purpose of femoving or
otherwise dealing with the Services, anc/or (०) otherwise deal with Services as the Owner shalt
direct.

Termination for Convenience af Owner:

Owner may suspend or terminace Contract in whole or in pact by written nocice to ee
for the convenience of the Owner, Uniess otherwise stated in the Contract, in the event 6!
termination, Owner shal) make payment co Consultant for all costs incurred prier ६० such
termination as may reasonably pe allocated to Contract under recognized accounting practice,
together with है ०9 ng)
shell have che cighy Gr purpose any Services for which payment has been ar is to be

made.

Version dated 24.03.208 हु Page 3 af 22

a

>

===== PAGE 11 =====

8

24.3 Owner's Default:

24.3.4 Without prejudice to any other rights the Consultant may have under the Contract, equity or
applicable law, it may terminate this Contract by giving a notice of termination to the Owner
upon the occurrence of any of the following events ma a “Owner Event of Defoult*):

(० If Owner becomes bankrupt or insolvent or has a receiving order made against it or
compound with its creditors or being a corporation commences to be wound up (not being
member's voluntary winding-up for the purpose of amalgamation of reconstruction) or
carries on its business under a receiver for the benefit of its creditors or any of them;

(0) Owner is in breach of any of its representations, warranties, conditions of obligations under
the Contract Documents, which breach is not cured within a period of seven (7) Business
Days from the date of giving of a written notice of such breach by the Consultant to the

24.4 Upon the expiry of the Contract Period/ Term or termination of the Contract pursuant to the
provisions of Sub-Clause 24.] to 24,3 above, the Owner shall pay all amounts due and payable
tor Services validly rendered by the Consultant in accordance with the terms of the Contract
Documents, after deducting/adjusting there from all amounts due and payable by the
Consultant to the Owner under the Contract. The Consultant shall, unless otherwise Instructed
by the Owner, de-mobilize its manpower end remove all ts systems and equipment’s and leave
the Projecv Plant Site free and clear of all Encumbrances. :

24,5 Any Services held In Consultant's works on the happening of any events giving the right of
termination granted by Sub-Clause 24.] or otherwise that have already been paid for by Owner

and shall not be held to be part of the deliverables/ assets of Consultant, the same shail be ©

passed to the Owner of, shall be released to Owner on demand,
25.0 Completion Certificate

25.2 All the completed Services are subject to final ecceptance of the Owner and inspection
regarding quality and Specifications. Consultant shail intorm Owner In writing on completion
of the whole Services under Contract and request for Issue of Completion Certificate. Upon
such intimation, Owner shall conduct an independent assessment of the conformity of the
Services rendered with the Specifications, Drawings, standaros and athef technical
requiremencs under the Contract Documents. The Owner shall Issue a Completion Certificate if
it Is satisfied that the Services meet all the requirements under the Contract Documents.

25.2 In the event the Owner determines, from its independent assessment/ inspection, that the
Services are being or have been rendered In a defective manner or do not comply with the
provisions of the Contract Documents, the Consultant shall, at no cost to Owner and upon
intimation from the Owner promptly, provide its plan to rectify of correct the provision of
Services such that the Services comply with the perfarmance standards and Specifications.
The plan may include,’ inter alia, re-pertormance of non-compliant parts of the Services,
mobilization of more manpower for the Contract or deployment of manpower of specific skills.
expertise and experience, use of specialized equipment, tools or tackles. For the avoldance of
doudt, all the above plans and activities shall be employed by the Consultanc withaut any cost
to the Owner and shal} be without prejudice to the right of the Owner to levy liquidated
damages in accordance with Clause 70.0.

25.3 It the Consultant is unable to rectify the defective Services within the time specified by the
Owner, the Owner shall, without prejudice to any cther right avellable to it under the Contract
or otherwise, be entitled to reject the Services which are not In conformity with the terms of

the Contract Documents. No payment shall be made for such rejected Services. The -

Consultant agrees that Owner's decision to reject the Services shail be final and binding on the
Consultant and onsultant hereby waives any and al rights under the Contract of

Page 34 of 22

g

“26.0 varlation
26.. The Owner may. notwithstanding anything to

the contrary under the aaa ogee
, decrease, vary, modify or change the Scope of Services (Variation?) by issuing 9
aes कक pret The notice shall specify in reasonable detail the nature of variation

proposed by the Owner, i

shall, within fifteen (I5} Business
26.2 on receipt of the notice mentioned above, the Consvitant |; i
pet from the receipt of such notice, provide the following details to Owner:

(a) Any adverse impact, if-any, which the Variation will have on the provision of Services

under the Contract;
{b) The cost to be incurred by Consultant for affecting such Varlation:
(c) Time which may be required by Consuitant to affect such Variation,

herwise on the assessment made by the Consultant

.2 above. in case of disagreement on any aspect of the above assessment, the
oe Ge eae thelr respective authorized representatives to meet and resalve such
differences. If such differences are resolved to the satisfaction of the Owner, It shall issue an
order to the Consultant, setting out In clear terms the agreed scope of Variation and od dme
and cost Involved In effecting such vartation by thé Consultant (‘Variation Order’). For the
avoidance of doubt the Parties agree that the terms and conditions of the Contract
Documents shall cantinve to be applicable to any Service which is subject matter of Variation.

otwithstanding enything to the contrary contained tn this Clause 26, after giving the notice
“3 an [9 the details set out In Sub-Clause 26,2 above from the Consultant.

ind recelvin:
ome: may alternatively engage other Persons to petform the Variation (whether
through an open competitive bidding process or otherwise). The Consuitant Bgrees that it will

not raise any objections to such alternative arrangement and provide all reasonable assistance
as may be required by the new consultant for performing the Variation.

26.3 The Owner may convey its agreement of ot

27.0 Amendment
॥ nave the fight co change the Drawings, Specifications of other descriptians,
हा मर ima wethes or place of performance of Services by serving a reasonable ere written
notice to the Consultant. Upon receipt of such notice, the Consultant shall proce 20 arsed
to make such changes. If any such change causes a change In the cost of the Services or ;
the time required for performance, the Consuttant shall provide prompt notice to the oir ०
any such change and an equitable adjustment shall be negotiated promptly and the Contract

shall be modified in writing accordingly.

27.2 Na amendment or modification to othet terms of the Con
amendment signed by the Parties.

tract shall be made except by written

28.0 Settlement of Disputes

28.. Owner's Representative

of any kind whatsoever shall arise between the Owner and the Consultant In
ae plc ost or pa out of the Contract, including without prejudice ro the generality of
the foregoing. any question tegarding Its interpretation, existence, vaildity or termination, ed
the execution of the Services whether during the progress of the Services or a“ Pye
Completion and whether before or after the termination, abandonment of breach ० be
Contract, the Parties shall seek to resolve any such dispute or difference by referring the
matter to Owner's Representative. Owner’s Representative shall give his decisions within thirty
(30) Oays of referring the dispute. Elther Party, If not in agreement wi at the decision of
Owner's Representat) er-the dispute to arbitration pursuant to Clause 29,0 within
thirty (30) Days @ ६ ap Borie Owner’s Representative.

pas

===== PAGE 12 =====

()

AMEE
BsNejD JO SUO}SIAOT ३७३ ०3

Joaigns aq jreys yawAed yons Aue ‘apew 4) Ng iG aie rem eo yons yy paiejposse 30 30)
quawAed Aue ayet 03 995/90 3q 300 Peys UM 9५ 9000] N$ JO 9320 9५३ Jaye! OLE asne|y
जप २२००१ WUEINSUOD ayy Aq pazDasI09 Guymeup AUe WerjnsvoD ayy ७००३ 39२2२९ 02 pabyqo
2g 20U }}RUS JBUMO aL '३०९०३००७ ay JapuN sadjsag 53) SujwWsoad ayy Gujmesg YINs ५३४४
Aydwoo 07 5aadGe WeYNsUOD JY) AWeINSVOD ay) ७००३३ ३०३/२५३ 2509 BY 490०994 3 PUL 05 ०० ०३
Aved valnove dojdwa Aew 23UMO aya JO '॥२5म UOIIAIIOD 9५३ BXEW 02 PgeD0Id “UeYNSUOD ३५३
0205 0p 02 ४०३७३७३७। $j 30 3०300 Gyar6 da ye 9७४ 5३५5)» $j JO 3०५20 AUe 0} aoipnfasd 3000५
"kaw JaUMO ay? '५०।3992709 YoNs Ave ३4९५७ 043 59593 40 s203;6au yUeynsuUcD ay? ॥ *900[%४२०0
Aue एए volsspwo Jo AQuedais|p '30389 AUS ISI $3} 3९ 3999909 4adwiasd yeys weynsuog au)

*sOulmeig

"tae} aiqeoyidde 30 swewnseg ;eUOD २५३ JapUN saWeEM PUR sazquelend

अत wonesasions pue saaquesenB ye suiejosip Aqasey 220/७0 fan a
प्रआा5 YM 970०९॥90/09 ० WOJJad ॥९प५ IJ Y>IYM ‘UoRsaNd vy $३०/००5 aya YIM Gulpaaz

2J0jaq suoHjonasuy 53] 92३१० 9०४ GUjI}244 Uy Ajaqeypaiww JaUMO २५३ Aypou peus weYNsUND sy?

१००॥९०|॥४०५ SasjNbay ॥0939५३ []299P AUB YUeINSUOD |प३ JO ए००५० BUA UI ‘j] JO “YOReWaWADOP

so sGujmexg $3UMO et U} 43;MB);QWe 30 AdesNDDeu! “AQUAIS|sUODU} Ave jO ३०२७७ ay ७॥

“Bunum uj jeAqudde
30.30 SJ9UMO INOYWM spew aq HEYS SOuIMeIGQ 342 ०३ ७०१३४०॥॥०००७७ 30 ७००3३ LO!IEAIP ON

‘asodand papuany
के dsaz Aajos 9५ pin

aya 3०) SGumerg 243 JO ssaUIy Pue 47०००४॥०५ ‘AaRINADE >५३ 208 aIQISUO
maniacs bn 3९७३ ७३258 59]3329 aya ४3७३० ay) 40 SIUaWWOD 30 १४०१३ 408 GuIpUISUAMION

*syUaWasINda|L $3] 93 ७७३०३७०० SBUIMEIG YONS 3९५३

320७0 ay? [WN sGujmeig ५०४५ ०३ Wiebe Ajdde Heys |१६ aSME]D-Qn5 Siu) ७) ७३404 ३०5

bine "अप ie eat sqwauwod ay Gusjazes ७७०३) 5५89 (pL) ०३२३३७०) जापंस्‍[१७ 49०४५)
3५३ 02 (39UMO >५३ AQ paynbas aq Aew se saquny 39५30 UdNs Jo) 4०33>प५३ SajdoD OMI WINIA)
90९ 560]0४30 ay? ७] J2UMO >प३ JO SUOepYaWWOda) 90९ SJVaWIWOD aY2 322/00J09U} Heys
EYNSUDD aul qeYNsUoD ay] Whos 550॥/9०३0 PIES 39५३ JO 39]०993 30 Shep (pL) UaawND) ०॥५३/१४
३७९३॥१५७०७ ay? ०3 550॥9९30 9५३ Jo 6903 pauGys Ainp 2 usNjay PUe ७००३२५३ SUO;epUaWWOdaI JO
Squawwor AUR 3५९७७ ABW JBUMO 9५॥ “Mapas $2] 20) JBVMO »५३ 02 SHU)MAIG SI! ॥९ 4० (222205
aya ० payjvads aq Acw se yaquiny 3>प३० yons 30) sajdo2 om? YWwaNS Heys WeIYNSUVOZ SUL

sOupmeip

‘punog ae sjasse 52] Jo Aue yoy Aq so dyed ४ 5) 390४0) Yd!4ymM 03 Apog AOIejNGad ‘AYIOYINE
jequawusan06 73009 Aue jo Buyjns 30 3०730 'aasdep ‘uawEGpnl ‘smel aiqeaydde Ave yoeasg (0)
3० 20232U09 9१३ JapUN SUO}IeBHQO sa WOIad ०३ #श[प९ SJaUMO ३२२३३४ AjasJeape pue 4॥९४०२९५७
Pjnom yey? 69726 ४ 5। JAUMQ Yom O32 quawsasGe Jo aunweapu '२५४७)ज Aue Japun ynejsop
३० 3० Yaeasg & ७॥ YNSAJ JO YIM ३०॥३००० (0) !sarE}-Aq 30 SJUaWADOP waNnqsUOd $3) '००.३२०००॥००७|
३0 32234729 $,J92UMO ३५७३७३४०३७०० 0) 400७ |॥॥ 90३ 309 Op AgaJay?a 7932॥00033003 5$७०]३७२९$७९३३
>प३ JO VO/EWWNSUES 34) PUB JIUMO Aq 2eNVOD ay) jo aavewJoJJad pue AJanyjap panes
TeIpu} Jo sme} २५३ 39000 GujpUers 70००० UW} 9७४ ‘Gu;IS}xXa &॥9॥9# “‘pazjURBIO Ajnp UO}IeJ00I09 8 $! अ

Weys $30९43९/५४ 90७2 ५३७०४ २३०७4 JaUMO

"*$॥४2 aigernidde pue $qwalwns0g 33225003 ग्प३
JO $009४०५४ 9५३ ॥७ ©} WIOJUOD "S399jIP He ७७४०७) २०3) aq ॥॥/५ 5३२०॥/७३२५ ग्प 3९५३ 70९ Jamoduew
payyenb pue 93909|3990/09 Aq a2j29eJq #03$7090| 9008 Jad se pauoyad aq IW ५४३०॥/००४५ au,
tuossag Aue Jo S2y6) 907 SaIULIQUINDUZ ‘swye]D ॥९ 90४ Aue JO 3९9]0 PUe 997) aq WM SJUAWNI0Q
JoeUOD 9५३ JO $७००॥॥१०70 3५३ प३/७ २००९॥0०२९४ Uy 90९ 39700 pawsoyad phat oon

7 3;

S]42 JO aoUeWOJad 30 VO;INZaKa "YORIeNOGav ayy 0) Jedsas YIM UOSIag 32>प३० ४०७३ {iN)
20 ‘SaIeHy JY SY JO 37०७0 JO Wabe Jo sapeuasaides 302920 ‘332)JJ0 ‘aadojdwa Ave (॥) wabe
JO 9ANEQUasaidas ‘aXojdwa ]९ज)3० JeJUaUIUIaADG Ave (}) JO) JO 02 ‘PUP; LU} 3० YSed Uy 3>प३०फर

BLOZCO yz 993९9 ७०१४३०॥

7१६

gue

rat

vis
OL

(a

(९
20६

(u
(6

22 309, abeg

‘Avaupur 30 Apap ‘Ayoey 40 quawied 2०५३० 3० agua ‘yDeqQ-49Py ‘VOSS; <
396 १७४० Aue ३2०५७ 02 paas6e Jo aye 07 pasayyo ‘apew sey '5303952 +0 ‘sa’
“SIOIDGIP "SIBD{jJO “SBBAQITWS Bajrsadsas SIDIDVIIVODOAS Jo sarenijjiy $3 70 ST gH Ad os
+9599/#00५ 52) yo 3594 ay) 0) PU ‘ssoIDeNUOIgNS 30 SBILMZ)¥ 52 ३० Aue 209 JUeYNsUDD saUHaN (y
है {SQUBWINDOG 49923५०3 ay? Jo 5७७३०३
BUI WMA aQUePJOIDe Uy SBdIAIaS ॥8 WiosJad ॥॥735599905 ०३ saiigedes lelsueUI awsindas
au pue “(Avessadau ag Aew se 9५०७३ jo ye quawENe ०३ AIWNGe DUE Ayjgeded yim) asnranssesjur
aienbape pue samoduew “aouayadxa ‘afipaymouy ‘ns ‘asnuadxa aysinbay aya sey us (३
{IDENUOD 9५३ JSPUN Suo}e5)Q0 9५३ WIoOpad ०३ 4009
$3] 30 JUEINsSUOD 4० 5590|$00 39 5399 05080 ‘sUO|Ido '००॥।90०7 je}DUeUL) २५३ VO 33ajj3 assanpe

== ४९ २४९५ 03 paridadxa 9५ ॥५४००४४३० 9003 ‘paujWwarap AjasJanpe J} “YD!YM S:029e:2U02QNS
ay Aue 30 ३३९॥॥)३७ 53 40 QueINsUOD IsUjeG6e PauaIeasyY JO Su|pUad mou ‘AYOYING ;erV|aWwUIaAD5
@ Aue 220529 30 Aq s6ujpaacosd Aue 30 560]9993000 vonenqe 20 je63) ou ave sayy (9

Z ‘5UWJ92 $2] UIIM BDUEPIONIe छा

2 ¥ ysujeGe २१५९३०००)७३ wernsUOD Jo ७०॥९०॥१० BuiPUjg 7४४ D}eA jeBay ainy2sU0o sluawn20g
= ¥eUOD ay pue punog ase siasse sy yo Aue ४०५१५ Ag 20 Aed ९ Ss! JUeINSUOD पञप#
Ey 3 4904 /909९0590 ‘Ayouzne jervawuseAob १9709 Aue 30 Guyns JO 49030 ‘aasoap “quawbpni
५ अब 2५२३॥५७४ Aue udeasa Jou mM 908४ JOU Op 44929५३ pareidwarU02 500]27250९७) 9५३ JO
qHonewwnsuos ३५३ pur wveinsuog Aq 32e2U0D 347 JO 990900/03790 9708 AVanyap ‘UOANDaxa au, (2
हर 449५॥१0 02 Pasaayjap ७३००५
2582५ SyWIAd २|१९०॥|००९ ५०7५ 30 saidoo ay) 32५३ 970९ IDeNUDD SIU? 22997 SUONeGIQD 53) WJojJad ©
UE PIIONPUOS 60०4 AjwaIND 5] ३ 5९ SsaUISNg sy aIeado 0३ AJESSaDeU ase 32५३ S2}UWad
ajgeandde je Sassassod 30 sumo 2००७ SYOPIDIPSYN{ ॥९४ Ul SsdUISNQ Op ०३ PayNeNd Ainp 5) | (५
“apUPAlaUs Burspe syanew JO ३२४३३०७०० au ३० IDddsa) UF VODIDSuNf AVE
ui Ayununs) Aue Sane Agaiay 902 pareodsoouy 30 pazjuebso 50 3 प2/फारम ७0 aie2s JO duquNOD
au) JO sme] ay) 39999 Burpuers 90०06 uy pue ‘bunsyxa Ajpyien ‘pazyueGio Ainp ७०१३९०००३०३ ए sin (8

42९03 SlueweM 702 5307593093 ३3०९३॥७०७५5७०३ ४09६
5$9]30४3/९॥॥ 7७४७ $5७०१३९३७०५४०५००४  0'0६

६९]
50 4309५2!५/4 "DAIIUOD »५३ 39900 AWINDaS 990९0030/9909 JO INIA! 30 WEINSUOD ay) 03 UawAed
HU) ७४०२ 5४०० (06) ALU jo 90390 8 Jaye Ie2/IUOD २५३ 3० Wo Guyjsje 30 yw 933990009
“02 97932/92 GuiyrAve 30] Jayjo ayy isujede 409७ @ AQ paienjuy; aq jeys Gujpaacaid 30 ७०३9९
७४० OU “LOAeUjWia?d ७७5 aajruNs asNiev /330 3॥|9५३ Aq YdIYM JO JeRIWUOD aly yo VOYeUIWIAa}
SAININS 02 BPEW ३२४ YOIUM SUDd}siAQId 9५३ 02 ७०॥३९॥०५ U} Idaoxa ३९५३ २०49९ sayveg ay, 2'¢'6z

‘aands)p 9५३ Jo JaneW ada/gns 300 9.9
YON WeNVOD ays 39707 500326॥40 aAndadsas 3॥]9५३ WO;Jad 02 aNU/UOD ॥९५६ Sayeg au [६62

“O'62 १४703 5॥५3 42900 VONeIqQe
93 2०0 082 २६७५० 39700 ३५४३४०४३०००४ SJaUMO 9५३ 0) 9०७३००)०/ AUe 60708४35५7/७००५ £62

‘pseme >५३ ७॥ SJOIeNWQue 9५३ 4५ payrazp 959]0१७३७२०

559|90 902५ S| PJeMe ३५2 ७०५७ 3१५७॥९6४ deg ay? AQ ००००६ >प ॥९५5 sasuadxa voyjenique ayy 22°62
"82३86 २५३ ७० BuypUg 70९ ॥९0॥ a0 WeYs aandsip ४ ym

७०ध१२००००३ Uy ०५ Ayofew ४ Aq (s)207802)eB BUI AQ DaJapua) pseme Aue ३2५३ 99३6९ sajueg ay) tz 62

: *sorwgIe GuIpsaid ३५३ Se sOIeNIIQuE 99५3 iodde
HEYS $702BsQue 0७४३ १५३ 908 JOIe/NQUe 900 WUIDdde {EUS Aued ५३२४४ ‘povad aw) Dyesasoje
SY) ७॥५॥॥७ JOIBIIIQIe |jOs ४ UO ३9359 Oo} ०१९५७) 939 sajved "Vara ay) ७| JaAaMOH “AueEg
@ Aq ७०॥३९))।१५४ ०३ aynds|p Yyons 40 B5Uasaja) Jo 5690 SsaUISNG (St) ७००7) ULM Sarueg ay fq
Paauiodde Ayenynu aq ०३ ‘sores7IQVe ajos @ Aq paronpun aq jeus sSuipaazod UO}IEIYQIY BYL 2°62

५ : ‘abenGue} ५५॥७७३ uy paronpuos aq ॥९५५ Uonenique
UL “‘PeQepawuy aq Heys ००॥४३३।९४ PUR JO aNuUaA BY '०७|)३ 02 ००७३ Wo papuawe se S66L
‘Dy ००३१९०॥३७०० 9०४ UoHesIQYy Jo 5७०]8|8070 aya YIM BDUEpJODDe UI >१॥०९५५ voRenIqe ay, 62

७०३०५ ३३प०ए 0'62

===== PAGE 13 =====

3.6

32.0
32.7

33.0
उठ.
34.0
34.)

35.0
35.i

36,0
36.i

37.0
57.

38.0
उ8.

The Consultant shall reimburse to the Owner any abortive costs which the Owner may have /
Incurred on any incorrect Drawing.

Control

eo shalt not undergo change In Control without obtaining @ prior written approval of
je Owner. *

Deliverables
Deliverables shall be as specified In the SCC/ Contract.

Programme

Consultant shall submit L2 schedule to Owner showing detail of all the activities to be
performed under the Scope of Services within Fifteen (I5) days of issuance of the Contract for

approval.
Progress Report

Consultant shall regularly furnish tne progress reports forthe Services catried out by them ofr
it's Subcontractor, so as to reach Owner on 5" gay of every month. Consultant agrees ६०
provide all information and documents requested by the Owners Representative from time to
time for assessing compliance by the Consultant with the terms of the Contract

Language

Alllerters, reports, notifications, documentation and other communication between Owner and
Consvitant pursuant co Contract shall be in English language only.

Confidentiality

All information including. without limication, alt oral and written Information, disclosed by the

Owner of Its authorized representatives to the Consultant, or any Person acting for and on
behalf of the Consuitant ("Confidential information’) is deemed to be confidential, restricted
ang proprietary to the Owner. The Consultant acknowledges that the Confidential Information
which may be disclosed under the Contract is of a unique and valuable character, and that the
unauthorized dissemination of the Confidential information would destroy or diminish the
value of such Information and may cause Immediate and irreparable harm to the Owner tor
which monetary damages may be inadequate. Therefore, the Consultant hereby agrees thac
the Owner shall be entitled to injunctive retief or any other equitable relief as permitted by
Applicable Law for preventing the disseminatian of any Confidential Information in violation of
the terms of the Contract. Such remedy shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedy for
breach of this Agreement, but shall be In addition t9 all other remedies available at Applicable
Law or in equity. Except as specified In the Contract, the Information supplied fs not co be
reproduced in any form except a5 required to accomplish the Intent of, and in accordance with
the terms of, the Contract. The Consultant agrees.that itshall share Confidential information
to Its employees and representatives only on 9 ‘need to know basis’ and only for che purposes
of pertorming Its obligations under the Contract. provided the Consultant subjects such
employees and representatives to confidentiality obligations not less stricter than the ones by

which the Consultant is' bound herein

Change In Law
s if, after the Effective Date but betore the scheduled or actual Date for
Completion (whichever.|s earlier), (a) any law, regulation, ordinance, statutes, arder or by law
having the rg ong of law is enacted, promulgates, abrogated, repealed of changed (which shall
be deemed to Include any change in interpretation or apptication by the competent
authorities) or (b) any governmental authority imposes wny material condition In connection
j e Issuance, renewal of modification of any applicable permit, but does not include ()
en itlon of new, taxes or duties and/or increase or reduction of taxes or duties; (il)
af standards and conditions for operation, maintenance and safety arising out of-3

Change of Law mean:

Page 78 of 22

new or revised environment, health a
employment and working conditions of employees, labi

38.2 If Change In Law Increases the cost of th
shall promptly notify the Owner of such

38.3

39.0
39.3

39.2

40.0
40.

4.0
au

422

4.3... ॥0 00९ event of any conflict

43.4 No failure or delay

proposes to take
substantiate its not!
Change in Law on the time and cost of

information and may Increase Of adjust the

Comptetion so as to put the Consultant in

if as a result of Chang

reduce of adjust che Time
the Owner, The Owner may recov!
Consultant and if such amount exceeds

amount within Fifteen (95) days of Owner ra

Subcontracting

Consultant shall not subcontract perfor
obtaining Owner's prior written approv
discretion.

to mitigate the impact of su'
ification with such Information as Is adequate for analysing the Impact of

e In Law, the cost or time of pe

Owner shall be entitled to recover oF adjust such 3
for Performance so that such benefit Is ‘tra perm passed on to
er any of such amounts from the final 9:

g

ind safety laws; cu Imposition of standards and terms of

ers and workmen.

ime of performance of this Contract, the Consultant
adverse Impact and the measures It has taken or
ich Change in Law. The Consultant shall

delivery of Services. The Owner shall consider the
Contract Price and/or extend the Time for
the same position had there been no Change in Law.

sformance of this Contract Is reduced. the
mounts from the Contract Price and/or

ent due to the
such dues, then Consultant shalt the additional

ising a claim for such amount,

mance of alt or any portion of Services without first
al, which may be granted by the Owner in its sole

t is solely and absolutely responsible and liable to

Consultant underscands and agrees that | 2
In accordance with the terms of the Contract

Owner for performance of all Services
f permitted subcontracting of portion of certain Se

Documents, insespective 0
parties.

Notice

All notices and other communications (collectively
shall be given to each Party at its address of fax number as

Contract shall be in writing and
specified in the Contract. All Notices
electronic mail, telegraph, regist.
prepald), oF ह॥) sent by 9 recagniz
given (A) when transmitted If sent

transmittal Is confirmed), of (8) upon receipt by the
) be sent to the addresses 05 men

means, Notices shai
communicated by the parties.
Miscellaneous

Contract shall Inure to the benefit of
successors, representatives, and

The relationship created by the Contr
agent of the Owner, and Consultant
writing, to bind of act 3:

fetters exchanged between the Partie:

entire agreement between the Partie
supersedes ol! prior oral of written statements, repr

by Consultanc in exercising
deemed to be a walver of that right, and no fo व

Contract by the other shall-be conside

any other provision. No fallure of Owne

any provision of this Contract she

of the obligations of Consulta
Consuttant shall be deemed or (9
or prevent Owner from ther 2

Consultant. S

between the provisions of

vices to third

*Notlces’) required or permitced under this

shall be () delivered personolly or di) sent by fax.

ered of certified mail (return recelpt requested and postage
ed overnight courier service. Notices ॥ be deemed to

by fax, electronic malt, or conse hh (provided the
Intended recipient if given by any other
tioned In the Contract of otherwise

and be bindjng upon the respective helrs. executors,

assigns of the parties, as the case may be.
‘act shall be that of independent Consultant and not an

shail have no authority, save as agreed by Owner in

5 agent for the Company oF Its employees For any purpose.

the Contract and other correspondence
5, the Contract shall prevail. The Contract embodies the
$ with respect (० the performance of Services and
esentations, promises or understandings.

of its rights under the Contract shati be
ver by elrher Patty of any breach of the
red as a walvi <A of any subsequent breach of the same or
insist Upon strict compliance by Consultant with

Ona release, discharge, modify, change or affect any
Apr payments of any amounts by. Owner to
of any rights or claims of Owner of. shall stop
rcing any claims of any fights against

eT

Page 39 of 22

6

===== PAGE 14 =====

4.6

44.7

4.8

a9

42.0
42.4

version Gated 24.03.208

All rights and remedies provided in this Contract are cumulative and che exercise of one
remedy by a Party under Contract shall not preclude such Party from pursuing any other
remedy under Contract, Appticante Law or equity. The Parcies agree and acknowledge that
remedies set aut herein alone would not be an adequate remedy for any bdreach of the
Contact and the Owner shall be entitied to the remedies. of specific performance छा other
equitadie relief.

Cansultant shail acc with the utmost good faith towards Qwner and Consulrant agrees ca
maintain accurate records and to disclose in writing any relevant facts relating to potential
conflicts of interest co Owner,

tf any of the provisions, of portions or applications thereof, of chis Contract are held to be
unenforceable or invalid by any 60७0 of competent jurisdiction 9 arbitration tribunal, the
Parties shall negotiate In good faith an equitable adjustment to such provisions of this
Contract such that the amended/modified provision is in compliance wich the Applicable Law
and reflects to the maximum extent possible the purpose and incent of the Parties with
fespect to such provision, The validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions, or
portions ar applications thereof, shall not be affected thereby,

The provisions of this Contract which by their nature are intended to survive the cermination
canceflatian, completion or expiration of this Contract shall continue as valid and enforceable
obligations of the Parties notwithstanding any such termination, cancellation, completion -or
expiration,

No assurance, representation, promise or other statement by any Owners’ Representative in
relation to the Contract shall be binding upon Owner untess the same is communicated to
Consultant in writing by Owner in accordance with provisions of the Contract.

Anti-bribery and anti-corruption

The Consultant covenants thet neither the Consultant nor any of its Affiliates, is
Subcontractors, employees, agents, representatives or servants shall make, offer to give or
agree cto give any bribe, commission, gift or adventage to (i) any governmental official,
employee of representative; (Ii) any officer, servant representative or agent of the Owner or its
Affiliates; or (lil) any other Person, in relation to the obtaining or executlan of the Contract.
Such an act by Consultant shail, In addition to any criminal tiability which the Consultant may
be subject to under appticable taw, provide 3 right to t 3९ Owner to terminate the Contract
and/of any other contract that may have been पथ into between the Owner and the
Consultant. The Consultant shall also be liable for payment af any loss of damages resulting
from any such termination to the Owner, which the Qwner may at its option deduct and/or set
off from tne amouncs ctherwise due to the soe nd under the Contract or any other
contract ar recover From the Consultant as 8 debt due and payable, Any question or dispute as
to the breach by the Consuttant of its obligations under is Clause shaft be determined by the
Owner in such manner and on such evidence or information as-available to the Owner and the
Owner's decision in this regard shall be final and conclusive.

८2
3

Page 20 of 22

ANNEXURE - #: NO CLAIM CERTIFICATE

NAME OF THE PROJECT/PLANT:

———————  चक्‍निस२सि?ियीिी ख अनिल तन न

CONTRACT / SERVICE ORDER NO. & DATE:

Know all men by these present that (Name of Consultant and Address), [herein name
referred as a Consu/tand for and in consideration of the receipt of sum of Rs. ___¢- [6 words]
{amount shauld be gross amount of final invoice) from (Name of Owner)
having its registered office at (Registered Address of Gwner), representing full and final
Payment against alt our dues from (Name of Owner), hereby reteased and forever
discharges (Name of Owner), of ai! claims demands dues whatsoever in any manner arising
Out of of reacted to all service rendered by Consultant to (Name of Owner) till date.

In consideration of and for the purpose of agreeing {Name of Owner) to make the
aforesaid fina! payment to Consultant hereby represents, warrants and confirms that:

0) We have na claim / demand dues of any nature outstanding from (Name of
. रा, excepting the final due amount of the R.A and Final bill of Rs. /- Cin
words].

(ii) All sums due or becoming due and all debts, accounts damages, obfigations, claims and
demands of every nature and kind whatsoever ॥ any manner arising out of of related to
Service performed have been paid and satisfied in full by (Name of Owner)

(iii) We shall indemnify and hold narmiess ‘Name of Owner) and their respective
successors and assignees from any and all Losses arising out of or related to the Services
rendered till date to (Name of Owner).

(iv) We agree to the amounts certified as due and payable in all our bills including the final bill
for the Services rendered and accept che full and final settlement of all dues in respect of
such Services at the disposal of (Name of Owner).

Tne Consultant confirms chac this “No Claim” certificate shall be binding on all its group companies,
Successors and assigns.

In witness where of the Consultant has caused chis instrument to be executed an this dace:
फनी.
ह

z

et
Signature of Authorized Representative of Consultant (2

- Name | : a ro) 6

Designauon

3)

Version dated 24.03.208 Page 27 of 22

===== PAGE 15 =====

ANNEXURE - I: CERTIFICATE FOR RELEASE OF FINAL PAYMENT

With reference to Contract/ Service Order No. . as entered into between
(name of Consultant) and (Name of Owner) for
मम SEL a of Work in brief with location) (Contract’)

ed hereby certifies and represents that the Owner has, pur:
of the entire Contract Price.

The undersign suant to the release of final’: ,
payment herein, made full payment

that each of its tower tier consul

The undersigned further certifies
harges and expenses incurred by them of on th

made full payment of all costs, ९
relation to the Contract.

eir behalf for in

/- (gross amount of final invoice), being the final
ally releases and forever discharges

of every nature arising out of or in
mendments thereto except 9५ set forth

In consideration of payment of Rs. i
payment under the Contract, tne undersigned hereby uncondition

(Name of Owner) from all claims, liens and obligations
connection with the performance

below.
NONE

‘of the said Contract and all 9

As additional consideration for the final payment, the Consultant agrees to the fullest extent of the
applicable law to indemnify and hold harmless the Owner from and against all Losses arising out of,
related to or in-connection with any claims, actions or proceedings which are initiated against the
Owner by the Consultant (or on its behalf) of any of its suppliers of lower tier or Subcontractors or any
of their respective representatives, officers, agents or employees in retation to the Contract .

The foregoing shall not relieve the undersigned of its abligations under the provisions of said
Contract. as amended, which by their nature survive completion of the Services including, without
limitation, warranties, guarantees and indemnities.

ene 20s

&(९००८९४ CNIS .................--०-++-++++ DBY OF vane

Signature of Authorized Representative of Consultant

Name SE CIS se abs oem oe

Designation :

Version dated 24.03.2078 ge a 22 22 of 22

tants and/or subcontractors has >. x

€

wl

===== PAGE 16 =====

al

(५9 v Maree ३८) CRAB gia

<< भारतीय वन्यजीव संस्थान
. Wildlife Institute of India

F.No.. WI/AECB/BH/BB/Mirzapur/208/0

3i% May 209

To,
The Principal Chief Conservator of Forests and the Chief Wildlife Warden,
Government of Uttar Pradesh,
Aranya Bhawan, ]7, Rana Marg, )
Lucknow 22600I, Uttar Pradesh | AATION PROVIDE
Email: cwlwup@gmail.com INF ORMIA Lt ; etl

UNDER

Reference: Permission letter No. 456 dated 20 August 208, regarding the “Study on
Blackbuck Movements in and around Kaimoor Wildlife Sanctuary including
Reserve Forest of Mirzapur and Sonbhadra district of Uttar Pradesh in respect
of proposed Coal based Thermal Plant” -Reg

Sir,

This is with reference to above mentioned permission (copy attached herewith) accorded for
undertaking the study on “Population Status, Habitat and its Use by Blackbuck (Antilope
cervicapra) in and around Kaimoor Wildlife Sanctuary, with reference to proposed coal
based Thermal Power Plant of 320 MW, Mirzapur, Uttar Pradesh” vide letter No. 456 dated
20 August 208.

We have conipleted the study and final report is attachsd here withetpn your kind perusal and
further necessary action please

CPIO, Wild Life institute of India Dehradun
Thanking You

. Yours faithfully
pv a ५७७७)
कै २११६ i Wa ~
oe ¢/ t t ५ ५४8 0१ (Dr )
Director

Copy for information to:

Je Chief Conservator of Forest (Central Region), Government of India Central Buildling,
aA Central Hall, 5“ Floor, Sector H, Aliganj, Lucknow.
e Chief Conservator of Forest (Wildlife), Western Region, Uttar Pradesh, Kanpur.
ae Divisional Forest Officer, Kaimoor Wildlife Sanctuary, Mirzapur.
ve Chief Manager, M/S Welspun Energy U.P. PVT. LTD, Mirzapur
e Research Coordinator, Wildlife Institute of India, Dehradun
e Nodal Officer, Consultancy Project, Wildlife Institute of India, Dehradun

पत्रपेटी Ho 8, चन्द्रबनीं , देहरादून — 248 00l, उत्तराखण्ड , भारत
Post Box No. 48, Chandrabani, Dehradun - 248 004, Uttarakhand, INDIA

Ao A een + id 490 DCANAAA FRANAAE AAALANN Reser + NAVE DAANAA7

===== PAGE 17 =====

Study area:

We would cover reserved Forests of Mirzapur and Sonbhadra Districts and Kaimoor Wildlife Sanctuary
in relation lo TPP site and comprises about 250 sq.km. Stratified sampling approach shall be used for
the present reconnaissance survey.

Methodology:
4. Characterise vegetation and Land cover Land Use (LCLU) types: We would use remote
sensing imagery dala to classify fine level vegetation categorises and LCLU by using GIS and
ground truthing.

2. Availability of forage resources: Each vegelation type will be assessed for the availability of
food resources and palatable plant species of Indian antelope by lying random | m circular plot
in each vegelation types. Number of plots will be in proportion to available vegetation types.

3, Habitat use and population demography of Indian antelope: Potential Indian antelope
habitat will be divided in the grid of 2 x 2 km, and each grid will walked once to record indirect
signs as well as direct sightings along with GPS, We will record herd size, sex and age categories

whenever there is a direct sightings of the Blackbucks.

MUA COMU aN {SUNY CARL Ie १०७४७ PCACR ATT aa

4. Mapping tekking sites: indian antelope is known to use lekking sites for breeding purposes and
are crucial for effective conservation planning. Therefore, each lekking site will be georeferenced,
mapped, and will be evaluated in relation to vegelation types and LCLU.

5, Examination of secondary data: Published information available will be analysed with respect
to its use and habitat quality for the Reserved Forests Mirzaur and Sonbhadra Districts and
Kaimoor Wildlife Sanctuary which are known to be used by the Indian antelope.

Expected outcomes:

Based on reconnaissance survey and evaluation of secondary information, we will provide extent of use
by Indian antelope in relation to vegetation types and LULC around areas of TPP, Mirzapur and suggest
appropriate management strategies to be implemented by the Forest Department to ensure conservation
of Blackbuck.

Duration of the study: Six months (June — November 208)
Work Plan:

Reconnaissance survey :
2. for habitat use and

population structure

Analysis of remote

sensing dala in GIS.
3. domain and preparation

of vegetation and LCLU

maps a
4, Report writing

४०8३६
Ss Chath aCe HES ५२२०००५६०४०८०६ Soft UREA LAs FOER AAT LSS ४३

eS

===== PAGE 18 =====

Welspun Energy UP Private Limited SO No.: 777/00॥000/0/७७/॥4/8

Annexure III
General Conditions of Contract (GCC)

[Attached Separately]

Page 9 of 9

===== PAGE 19 =====

(09) (१०४७-४९ सबक yas
Ropor

pated 27" February, 20i9

No. wit/SPG/KWS/2048

OFFICE MEMORAE= = MEMORANDUM
Khan as Senior Project

re of Mr. Khursid A.
e Project entitled entitled “ “study on Blackbuck movements
Reserved Forests of

r Wildlife Sanctuary including
of Uttar Pradesh in respect of proposal

Sub: Extension of Fellowship tenu

Ecologist in th
in and around kaimu
Mirzapur and sonbhadra districts

coal based Thermal Power” — Feg-

xtended from 0.03.209 to
u will be paid an
nd condition will
be 0० July,

s been €
uring this period, yo
Remaining terms a
jspG/Kws/2038 Dat

gagement ha
d project. D
d) per month.
ffer Letter No. Wil

This is to inform you that your en
3.03.209 in the above mentione

amount of Rs. 40,000/- (consolidate
nsame as stipulated in the O

wes Gb extended

remair

20i8. As enpopme”!
'p.Uniyal)

fv OnLy f Reseavely * julere glee sve No -
(Dr

Kalil De Scientist - G

Hi mon. /67777/ Nodal Officer, External Affiliation

Kummer AN kite
ATION PROVIDED

To,
Mr. Khursid Alam Khan INFORM
Room No. 84 Tl
Mohd Habib Hall UNDER R
Aligarh Muslim University, Aligarh
Mobile - 9897923737
Email — khan khursheed alam@gmail .com ATT wy
Copy to to: ie
CPIO, Wild Life Institute of india, Dehradun
4. PS to Director, WI for 9/४४॥/५ kind Information :
2. PA to Dean, FwsS - for Dean, FWS’s kind Information.
3. Principal investigator of the Project
4. Administrative Officer
5. Finance Officer

6 Librarian
Systems Manager

are

===== PAGE 20 =====

SS आरतीय site संस्थान
Wildlife Institute of India

No. WII/AECB/BH/BB/Mirzapur/20 8/0!
i9% June, 20i8
To,
The Principal Chief Conservator of Forests and the Chief Wildlife Warden,
Government of Uttar Pradesh,
Aranya Bhawan, [7, Rana Marg,

Lucknow 226 00, Uttar Pardesh
Email: cewlwup@gmail.com

Subject: Study on Blackbuck movements in and around Kaimur Wildlife Sanctuary
including Reserved Forests of Mirzapur and Sonbhadra districts of Uttar Pradesh in respect of
proposed Coal based Thermal Power

Reference: (i) CWLW, Govt. of Uttar Pradesh letter no 26-I] (Welspun Energy),
Lucknow dated 5" October, 20]4
(ii) Our letter no. No. WI/AECB/BH/BB/Mirzapur/208/0! dated i4" May,

20i8
INFORMATION PROVIDED

With reference our letter dated dé Es , 208 (copy attached), the Wildlife Institute of
India has proposed a six months study titled “Population status, habitat and use by Blackbuck
(Antilope cervicapra) in and around Kaimur Wildlife Sanctuary, with reference to the
proposed coal based Thermal Power Plant of [320 MW, Mirazapur, Uttar Pradesh. A copy
of the proposal is attached herewith for your kind perusal.

Sir,

I, therefore, request you to kindly accord:

a. necessary approval to undertake the proposed study for a period six month from | -
July, 2048 in and around Kaimur Wildlife Sanctuary and including Reserved Forests
of Mirzapur and Sonbhadra districts of Uttar Pradesh,

b. permission to collect 6 to 0 pellets from each pellet group of Blackbuck for genetic -
based species assignment for assessing distribution pattcrns, and

c. provide support of the field staff and permission to use logistic facility in Kaimur

Wildlife Sanctuary
ATT aw ED
Thanking you, Wa
(00, Wid Life institu of india, Dehradun Yours faithfully,
(Dr. ५.8. Mathur}
Director
Encl. a/a

पत्रपेटी vo 48, चन्द्रबनी, देहरादून — 248004, उत्तराखण्ड, भारत

: Post Box No. 48, Chandrabani, Dehradun - 248004, Uttarakhand, INDIA
हू. पी.ए.बी.एक्स : +97-735-2640744, 264075, 2646700 फैक्स : 0435-2640747
EPABX : +9-435-2640444, 264075, 2848400; Fax : 0735-264077;
ई-मेल / E-mail: wi@wii.gov in, बेच / website: vavw wii gov.ir

2 of 3 8/6/208 5:32

===== PAGE 21 =====

डी

_- .-... --- OFFICE.OF THE PRINCIPAL CHIEF CONSERVATOR OF FOREST WILDLIFE. UP, LUCKNOW

Pornnronure VI

aor

penne erent

Noel) oh /23-2-2 (G): Lucknow dated August. 25 20I8

Study on Blackbuck movements in and around Kaimur Wildlife Sanctuary including

Reserved Forests of Memes and. : enbhadra districts of Uttar Pradesh in respect of

proposed Coal bassed Thermal Power Plant (IPP) of 320 MW (2x660) in Mirzapur
district, Uttar Pradesh-reg.

Under the provisions of Sec 28 of the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 972, as amended
2003 the permission is hereby granted to Dr. ५.8. Mathur, Director, Wildlife Institute of
India, Chandrabani,..Dehradun, Uttarakhand for Study on Blackbuck movements in and
around Kaimur Wildlife Sanctuary including Reserved Forests of Mirzapur and Sonebhadra
districts of Uttar Pradesh in respect of proposed Coal basged Thermal Power Plant (TPP) of
320 MW (25660) in Mirzapur district, Uttar Pradesh.

This permission is subject to the following conditions:-

l. The permit holder will be well versed with the provisions of Wildlife (Protection) Act.
972 and all subsequent amendments and rules there in and will ensure that no rules
_ .are transgressed in the conduction of their research work.
‘2. Permit holder will attach the list of bonafide person with this permission and will also
~-~-inform concerned Divisional Forest Officer-— ~——~ ~~ ;

Tr | | 3. The permit holders will not collect specimens indiscriminately or in manner not

justified for a scientific survey of the classes and orders of animals specified in his
| request.
| ’ 4, Before entering the area permit holder will inform to the concerned Divisional Forest
= Officer
| 5. The permit holder will have to pay all charges as required as per rules

= i S - 6. A copy of any report, publication and literature originating from the above research

will have to be supplied free of charge to this office in hard as well as soft copy
7. After the complete of research work the researcher will be required to present the
[i ‘outcome of the research through Power point presentation in the office of Chief
| Wildlife Warden, U.P
8. The Forest Department will not be responsible for any loss of life or property or injury
that may sustained by the researches while conducting their research
9. The permit will be valid February 209

४ _ (@awan Kumar)
| iM f. Principal Chief Conservator of Forest/
Wy हा "Chief Wildlife Warden
Uttar Pradesh, Lucknow

ash to- to Dr. V.B. Mathur, Director, Wildlife Institute of India, 8, Chandrabani
Dehradun, Uttarakhand-24800! Reference to his letter dated 4.05.20i8 for information and
necessary action.
Copy- to- Divisional Forest Officer, Kaimur Wildlife Sanctuary, Mirzapur & Sonebhara
Forest Division, Sohebhare foyapiormation and necessary action

bs action.
ATi NP \
INFORM DER RT} sted (Pawan Kumar)

\ ९, १ चल
कं wy 9, 90४४ ‘Principal Chief Conservator of Forest:
(08 08 Chief Wildlife Warden

Nn
cpio, use Uttar Pradesh, Lucknew

G:\Wew Letter 2075 doer

===== PAGE 22 =====

धर oo
+. अत लक evil ©
. न LSPUN ह |

५4 go WELSPUN ENeRGy ७४ PVT. LTD.

7 ‘Dare to Commit
| दा
| ae Ae cae Date: 23.04.208
To, wary ve yn?

Dehradun 248 004, Uttranchal

Dr. V. B. Mathur, ae Gt? WY
Director, Wildlife Institute of India DN $ pv le
Post Box # 8, Chandrabani
/
eat है

Subject: To carry out detail study and preparation of conservation plan for Blackbuck
movement in Kaimur Wildlife Sanctuary and in adjacent reserve forests in district
Mirzapur and Sonbhadra.

References: A) Letter no, Even/26-] (Welspun Energy), 75th October 2074 of Principal Chief
Conservator of Forests (Wildlife), Lucknow, U.P a Approval of Wildlife
Conservation and. Management Plan. Copy of Letter sail hea, i=.

?

B) MOM of EAC, MoEF&CC dated 24 July 207 (attached)
pio, Wild ४

A 2x660 MW coal based thermal power plant was proposed by M/s Welspun Energy Uttar
Pradesh Limited (WEUPL) at village Dadri Khurd, Distric Mirjapur, UP.

As per condition no (IX) of the TOR, “Location of any National Park, Sanctuary, Elephant/ Tiger
Reserve (Existing as well as proposed), migratory routes, if any, within 70 Km of the project site.
shall be specified and marked on map duly authenticated by the Chief Wildlife Warden” M/s
Green Future Foundation (GFF), New Delhi was engaged to carry out the study. Field work for
study was conducted between April 202 and June 2072.

Environmental Clearance from MoEFCC was obtained from MoEFCC wide letter no.
J73072/I2/20-IA.I| (T) dated 2ist August, 20I4 with specific condition (xxi) for "wildlife
conservation plan formulation in consultation with the Wildlife Department of the State and duly
vetted by the concerned Chief Wildlife Warden shall be duly implemented, An in-built monitoring
mechanism shall also be put in place’.

Site specific conservation and management plans were prepared and submitted for 0 years with
proposed financial outlay of Rs. 84.5 Lacs.

The plan was approved on dated 75th October 204 by Chief Wild Life Warden (CWLW), Forest
Department, Lucknow with conditions stating that:

¢ For conservation of Black Buck, found moving in Kaimur Wildlife Sanctuary and adjacent
reserved forests situated in district Mirzapur and Sonbhadra, a detailed study and
conservation plan shall have to be get prepared through Wildlife Institute of India (WII),
Dehradun and it shall be submitted to Chief Conservator (Wildlife), Uttar Pradesh.

Project EC was challenged in NGT for various reasons. EC was set aside by NGT and project
Proponent was given liberty to rectify the defect and approach to MoEFCC.

Form-! for reappraisal of the project was submitted by WEUPL to MoEFCC. EAC dated 24 July
207 deferred the project for want of additional information from WEUPL. Additional information
required by EAC includes “Recommendation from Standing Committee of the National Board for
Wildlife (SC-NBWL)”

4.02
Mirzapur Office: Corporate Office:
Plot No.24/4 First Floor, C/O Mr. Raj Dular Dubey Welspun House, 7th floor, Tel: +9 2266436000 / 24908000,
Babua Ka Pokhra, Near Bramh Puri Colony, Kamala City, Fax: +97 222490802

Mirzapur, Uttar Pradesh 23004 SB Marg, Lower Parel (w) E-mail: welspun@bom 2.vsnl.net.in

===== PAGE 23 =====

कक दि 64)

vy WELSPUN ENERGY UP PVT. LTD.

१ Dare to Commit :
As per applicable environmental regulations, project is not required for NBWL approval as it not
falling either in any notified protected area under WPA 972 or in eco-sensitive zone notified for
any protected area under Environmental Protection Act 986.,

>

We, hereby request you to please submit your proposal for carrying out the study and preparing
conservation plan for Blackbucks in Kaimur Wildlife Sanctuary and in adjacent Reserve Forests in

district Mirzapur and Sonbhadra.

For your ready reference, excerpts of the study conducted in 20I2 are annexed herewith. Our
representative from Environment management function shall also call you to brief the subject
and requirement of MoEF&CC. |

ROVIDED
Thanking you, INFORMATION bie
ERR
For, Welspun Energy UP-Limited UND
WON Q
4०022
pa Wy.
(Authorized Signatory) art ~
weagun
¥ of sia शमी
cpio, wie ४०

Mirzapur Office: Corporate Office:
Plot No.24// First Floor, C/O Mr. Raj Dular Dubey Welspun House, 7th floor, | Tel: +97 226636000 / 24908000,
Babua Ka Pokhra, Near Bramh Puri Colony, Kamala City, Fax: +9 222490802

Mirzapur, Uttar Pradesh 23004 SB Marg, Lower Parel (w) E-mail: welspun@bom 2.vsnl.net.in
ANIVNAD ton

६4, «००४६४ ०5 ई

re

Teal. .04 EAADIDEINND

===== PAGE 24 =====

BI 8L0Z/EZ/S0 gu

unpenied “aS ० agpagen था। मै ४६४० (५०००) ॥[५०'० UNyeW “a ‘A ०0
qaiSaitv

ULAOG HA AAA :9899/8 / bb Ul AOK wana spew / छछ- डे

‘LLEOPOT-SELO : XE NOLSPSZ ‘SLLOPOT ‘PLLOPOZ-SEL-L6+ : ४8४93
ZLLOPOZ-SELO > th OOLOPOT “SLLOPOT ‘PLEDPOT-SEL-LG+ : BPAY AYE
VIGNI “‘PUeyYeIe NH "(008४2 — UNPeIYaQ ‘JUeqespUeYD ‘BL “ON ४०8 3500
Dalle ‘Soman 078८ — LbiIAad ‘Y-pB-b ‘Bt O [pbkh

Hos ]euboanajyms
Jew “Ysepelg 4९॥ ‘L00 925 MoUyONT ‘Brew deyeug ४४९४ ‘2) ‘WeAeyg eAUBsY ‘Ysepedg
JeTM JO JUAWUIAADS 'UEPIEM था| 4०१० BUY 70४ S}SBI0-4 JO JOPEMUOSUOD JOIUD [EG}OUN OYE — ४००

eye १०७3
40333ii9)
(anyey 86 ६०) A
MM) nr शोर
॥॥एफ्र|श ५०: 6300४ x “nok Sunjueuy
"50॥2000

SL0z '9णा।' wo wom Joafoud 8५ areNu) थे ०७४ 90 Se 920७ 8५) ७ ००४०४ Ayes ७४ JO} nod ysanbas ony,

“YONDE JO BSINOO BINjNy BSOdod [iM aM ‘ABAINS SIU} JO
sBupuy du) ७० paseg "5०0०७ JENN ‘SIOWISIP expeyquog pue ॥027॥0 Jo 98900. 09/09590 Guipnjout Asenjsues
भा 202५ puNoue 00४ UI YONQyoRIg Aq SWANed yUaWAAOW 0॥2 asn jeyqey ७० ABAINS BOUeSs|eUUOOe
pide ४ ॥॥॥० Buryeyepun pofesiaus 8७2४ om “auoquey) “Seave PUeIUIES PUB 08 ७! JOWLUNS fuunp seyem 008
9080) jo youeas ७ inoaeyed Gurbues-Guoj arey ० umoUY 9४ SHONQYIE!G OL) JEU} SEIS OF 9॥ P|NOM BAA,

‘aspad ‘uoqae

{uesseoau 39प॥ pue jesruad puly JNOA 20 YSepedd JENN FOLASIP andezWy UI (099XZ) MIN OZEL JO (ddd)

queyd Jamo jeusrayy paseg [20 pasodord so joadsas uy ySapeid JeR/ 40 ४27५7 espeyquos pue sndezsny

JO S}s004 perresey Bujpnjous Arenjoues ग॥ण[॥ आदर) PuNcue pue थक SuEWAAOW ५एा०28 UO 078,
JO} Sjesodosy jerdUBUIy PUR /eO]UYoa! Sy} YWMaIeY PasojoUe puy aseayd “000५8 9५ O} Qua}: YIM,

“aS

Z ShOz'y0'Sz Palep 987 “PN १७७ af) 40903 undsjan, {n)
yl0z 3५००0 94

एगश) mouyon (ABsau3 undsjom) £ 4-92 ‘ON 28N97] Yseperd JENN) JO WaWWAACD “MIMD Q) २३०४

‘Bai — ysapeig JeHN ‘JOUIsIP sndezsny ० (099XZ) ANN 0280 30 (dd) IUFld 49#०6 |४५४४०५॥
795०१ j205 pesadoud jo edsau ul ysepeid JeNh JO SHUISIP EIpeyquos 20४ indeziiy 40 $}S0204
penesay Buipnyjoul Arenjoues ज॥०॥ Anuwiey punose pue ७] S}USLUBAOLW YONQYIE|G ४० Apnig qns

ह ७० USN PUOTDUNAS/SAM srew>

ZOOESZTPPSO <I9L

LOOLES Us@pesg JET] UNdezy

५४००2 |॥0 Yuseig JeeN '४2५५०० ४५ engeg
॥9व760 seing fey IW OD ०००३ ३४४५ BLS “ON 30ld
‘PTT TAd df} Afueug undsjeny SW

SL07 ‘ACW wrt
LO-8LOzNdeZIW-AgHa/GOAVIIM “ON

CIPO JO थाप्पष्ण IINPIAA Se :
bIheh bilseb bibrtt, \p

eT e
eee G9)